 Log in to Webshots close login form Not a member? Login Member name Password Log in Forgot your member name or password? Webshots! Sign up Log in Webshots &amp; American Greetings Professional Photos Professional Photos view now Most Popular previous daily photos new photos spring beauty man and nature us landmarks paws and claws boats spring blossoms professional spotlight Categories animals architecture art holidays military nature seasons space special collections spiritual sports travel vehicles Featured Collections european spring dream destinations spring colors daisies summer sports asia landmarks nature's wonder caribbean vacation fresh flowers baby animals Member Photos Browse family home &amp; garden news outdoors pets rides sports travel new photos Search.
.
.
All Photos All Photos Professional Photos Member Photos Member Search Webshots Blog Last updated 02/17/2010 Webshots Privacy Policy This privacy policy applies to the operations of all brands and services within the Webshots websites, including, without limitation, the Webshots desktop application and Toolbar, Daily Features Widget and the allyoucanupload.
com service.
Overall privacy statement We take your privacy seriously.
Because we gather certain types of information about our members, we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information.
This privacy statement discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.
These privacy practices apply to the Website and its properties and services that you were viewing when you clicked through to this policy, which is operated directly by us, by our partner, or by our affiliate.
Please note that by using the services or website, you agree that any information you provide to us will be stored in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy and United States law.
What information does Webshots collect? Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with the best and most useful content and services.
Several of the services and features that we offer on our sites require you to provide us with information as a condition of usage.
These include access to subscription-only areas, the ability to post opinions or other content, participation in sweepstakes or contests, surveys, subscriptions to print magazines and email newsletters and participation in message boards.
We collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile number and credit card information, when you provide it to us.
From time to time, we may also collect other sensitive information, such as your job title, gender, income bracket, age member name and password.
We may also receive information about you from other sources and add it to the information you provided to us.
Once you register with Webshots, you are no longer anonymous to us.
What is Webshots' practice regarding cookies? Your Internet browser has a feature called cookies, which stores small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of our sites.
You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit most of our sites, although active participation in certain areas of our sites may require cookies.
Cookies alone tell us nothing about who you are unless you specifically give us personally identifiable information, in which case we use the information to enhance your services in the ways described below.
By adjusting your settings on your browser, you may elect not to allow cookies to be collected.
We also use technologies, including electronic images known as Web bugs (sometimes called transparent GIFs, clear GIFs, or beacons) that allow us to track general member-traffic patterns.
We may also automatically receive and record information from our servers and from your browser, including your IP address, the time of your visit to pages on our site, and information about pages you visited.
Unless you have registered for one of our products or services, the information we gather through the use of tracking technologies cannot be matched with any personally identifiable information about you.
We use cookies and tracking technologies in a variety of ways, including: Keeping count of return visits to our site or our advertisers' or partners' sites Accumulating and reporting anonymous, aggregate (data collected in mass), statistical information on Website and advertisement usage Determining which features our overall member population likes best Saving your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our sites Displaying the most appropriate advertising or content based on your interests We allow other companies that are presenting advertisements on our sites and, sometimes, in our newsletters, to use tracking technology on your computer.
We do not give any personally identifiable information to them as part of this relationship.
Unless you visit the Website of these companies and provide them with personally identifiable information about yourself, these tracking technologies tell those advertisers nothing about who you are.
Our advertisers' use of tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies.
How does Webshots use the information? We use the information we gather for four general purposes: To customize the advertising and the content you see To enhance the user experience in our network of sites and software applications; We use tracking information to determine how well each page performs overall based on aggregate user demographics and traffic patterns to those pages.
This helps us continue to build a better service for you To fulfill your requests for certain products and services, such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling you to participate in paid services, polls, contests, surveys and message boards To send you information you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you How does Webshots share the information? Personally identifiable information We will make your personally identifiable information available to other companies or people when: You have elected to allow us to share that information at the time that you registered with us or provided us the information, or through a subsequent affirmative election through our Website(s) or software applications.
You volunteer information or create a public profile in the course of your participation in our community features, such as forums, user opinions and reviews, chat rooms, photo sharing or other forms of public communication and interaction.
You use cobranded services (i.
e.
, sites or services that we offer to you in connection with a partner, who is identified on the site).
When you use a cobranded service within our network of sites, you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner.
Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies.
We hire third-party vendors to provide specialized services, such as customer support; mobile delivery; email message deployment; suppression, merge and de-duplication services; data processing; and special products or services that you have requested.
These companies are only allowed to use the information in order to help us fulfill our services to you.
We do not provide your information to these companies for their own, permanent use.
You unsubscribe from a mailing that we send to you on behalf of a third party.
We may share your removal instruction with the third party so that it may be added to that third party's list of people to whom they may not send emails.
You are the winner of a contest or a sweepstakes that is co-sponsored with a third party and that third party needs your information in order to manage the prize fulfillment process.
When required by law, such as when we respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process.
We believe that your actions violate applicable laws, Webshots' Terms of Use, or any usage guidelines for specific products or services, or threaten the rights, property, or safety of our company, our members or others.
Aggregate information We aggregate personally identifiable information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for marketing, promotional, and other purposes.
We do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally.
Business transfers We are always seeking to improve our network of Websites and our business.
In accomplishing these objectives, we may buy or sell a company, or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with or be acquired by another company.
If we sell a business, we may transfer some or all of your information as a part of the sale in order that the service being provided to you may continue or for other business purposes.
Information Sharing With Affiliates We are a member of member of the American Greetings family.
This means that we are an affiliate of American Greetings Corporation and its subsidiaries, including, but not limited to AmericanGreetings.
com, BlueMountain.
com, Egreetings.
com, Kiwee.
com, Carlton Cards Retail, Inc.
, Plus Mark, Inc.
, Gibson, and Designware.
We reserve the right to share your Personally Identifiable Information with our affiliates in order to conduct promotions, offer premiums, and share databases and equipment.
We will not share your credit card information with anyone, including affliliates, without your express permission.
What are my options? Users who would rather not provide any of the user data requested by our registration process do not need to register with us.
You can still view much of the content and use many of the services offered by our sites without registering.
We also give users the following options: Opting not to receive our electronic newsletters or those of third parties when registering.
Users who opt in may remove themselves from mailing lists at any time through the subscription-management pages, my account pages, or by following the instructions at the end of the email they received from us.
Please note, however, that we reserve the right to send you email about the administration of your account, policy changes, legal, billing, and other matters that will affect your use of the Website.
These communications are mandatory.
Opting not to provide certain personal information when registering for a site or software application, provided, however, that you may not be able to use some of our products or services without providing us with certain information.
How can I review and update my personally identifiable information? You can review, correct, or change the information collected during registration for Webshots here: http://www.
webshots.
com/myaccount.
The instructions for doing this can be found in our member-services areas or in the footer links available on all sites.
Members may change information at any time and as often as necessary.
Members who are experiencing problems with our services or who have questions about how our services work can contact us using the address at the bottom of this page.
How will I know if the privacy policy is changed? Any modifications to our privacy practices will be reflected first in this Privacy Policy.
If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our sites that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy statement.
If we are going to be using the information collected from users in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection, we will send affected users written notice of the change by email.
Privacy of children None of the sites within our network is directed to children under the age of 13.
We operate our network of sites in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and do not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age.
This requirement is clearly posted during the registration process.
Webshots Daily Features We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you through your download or use of the Webshots Daily Features.
We may, however, combine information about your searches with that of other Webshots users for purposes of analysis and product improvement.
In the event that we alter the Webshots Daily Features to collect personally identifiable information, we will notify all users of the widget and obtain permission in accordance with the applicable law prior to collecting such information.
Questions, Comments Questions regarding this privacy statement or any other aspects of our network of Webshots should be sent to our corporate offices at AG Interactive, One American Road, Cleveland, Ohio, 44144, ATTN: Corporate Counsel.
We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one.
We may also file your comments to improve the site, or review and discard the information.
Company Terms Privacy Help 
