 Skip to Main Content   Contact Us   |   Find a Branch   |   About Us   |   Customer Login Why Scottrade? Reasons to Choose Online Broker Comparison Fees &amp; Commissions Margin Interest Rates Credit Interest Rates Trade Quality and Execution Security/ID Theft Protection Company Overview Online Community Referral Program Switch to Scottrade Online Trading Scottrade Trading Website Scottrader Streaming Quotes ScottradeELITE OptionsFirst® Ways to Fund Your Account Mobile Trading iPhone® Trading App Android™ Trading App BlackBerry® Trading App Mobile Trading Website Online Banking Investment Products Retirement &amp; IRAs Stocks Options Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds CDs Treasuries Coverdell ESAs International Investing Account Types Quotes &amp; Research Knowledge Center Home &gt; Privacy Statement | Scottrade Text Resize RSS Print Scottrade Privacy Statement The Scottrade Brokerage Privacy Statement describes how we collect and protect your personal information in the course of providing you with financial services.
Our Privacy Policy We are very committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information.
Scottrade wants you to know that: We do not sell, rent or license your personal information to anyone.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that restrict unauthorized access to your personal information.
We train our employees about privacy and limit access to this information.
Personal Information We May Collect We collect personal information about you, which may include your name, physical address, email address, telephone number, Social Security number and other information as required.
We obtain this information from the following sources:.
Information you provide online, on written applications or forms, and other information you may provide; Information entered online that may be stored even if you do not complete or submit an application; Information from third parties in order to verify your identity or to prevent fraud; Information from third parties that you authorize to provide information to us; and Information about your transactions, account experience, account balance, trading activity and payment history.
Personal Information We Use or Disclose Scottrade does not sell, rent or license your personal information to anyone.
This applies to both current and former customers.
We use your personal information to provide services you may have requested, to respond to communications from you, and to help you open new or additional accounts.
We disclose your personal information, as permitted by law, to affiliated and non-affiliated third parties that help us provide financial services to you.
This includes third parties who provide statements of your accounts, transaction confirmations and check printing; or provide custody, depository or recordkeeping services.
All affiliated and non-affiliated third parties that accept or receive personal information from us are obligated contractually or by law or regulation to keep this information confidential and to use the information only to provide the services we ask them to perform.
We disclose personal information to government and regulatory agencies and to comply with a lawful summons, court order, subpoena, fraud investigation, audit or regulatory examination.
Security of Your Personal Information We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that restrict access to your personal information.
We comply with applicable laws and regulations.
Our online environment uses industry leading security technologies including layered security and access controls over personal information.
These safeguards are reviewed and may be adjusted in response to advances in technology and the latest security threats.
How We Use Cookies Scottrade uses first-party and third-party cookies.
Cookies are small text files sent by a website server to your Web browser and stored on your computer.
The use of cookies helps us understand how you are using our website.
They allow us to improve the security, content, navigation and functionality of the website.
Additionally, we use cookies on our websites and the sites on which we advertise to track advertising performance and to collect aggregate data on Web page viewing.
Cookies are not used to collect or disseminate any personal information.
You can manage the placement of cookies on your computer through the features found in most Internet browsers.
You can also delete cookies that have already been placed on your computer.
Consult the "Help" function of your browser to explore your options.
Internet Protocol (IP) Address As you enter our website, we capture and retain the IP address of the device you are using, such as a personal computer or a handheld device.
The IP address does not identify you or your personal information and is used for security purposes only.
Links to Other Websites We provide links to other third-party websites to provide information that may be of interest to you.
When you select a link to a third-party site, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of the third party.
How to Protect Yourself We encourage you to protect your personal computers by using the Security Checklist on the Scottrade.
com website under the Security Section and ensure your account information is stored securely, transactions are accurately reflected and contact information is up-to-date.
Steps to Take if You Become an Identity Theft Victim If you feel you have become the victim of online identity theft, you should take the following steps: If you feel your Scottrade account has been compromised in any way, immediately contact us toll-free at 1-800-619-SAVE (7283).
Contact the fraud department at each major credit bureau and tell them you are an identity theft victim: Equifax - call (800) 525-6285 or visit www.
equifax.
com Experian - call (888) 397-3742 or visit www.
experian.
com/ TransUnion - call (800) 680-7289 or visit www.
transunion.
com/ Contact the creditors/companies for any accounts that have been tampered with or opened fraudulently.
Speak with someone in the security or fraud area of each creditor/company; follow up with a letter.
File a report with your local police or the police in the community where the online fraud took place.
Get a copy of the police report in case you need proof of the crime.
Keep records of everything involved in your efforts to clear up the fraud including copies of written correspondence and records of telephone calls.
File a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Revisions Scottrade reserves the right to make changes to the Brokerage Privacy Statement at any time.
Any changes or updates become effective immediately upon posting to this site.
Please check the "Last Revision" date below to determine if there have been any changes since you have last reviewed our Privacy Statement.
Scottrade provides an annual privacy notice to current customers.
You may always review our Brokerage Privacy Statement online at www.
scottrade.
com, or contact us for a copy at 1-800-619-SAVE (7283).
  Last Revision 1/2012 Call Us At (800) 619-7283 Email Customer Support Login and Trade 500+ Local Branches Quick Links Online Brokerage Reasons to Choose/Switch Online Broker Comparison Free Trades Market Overview Stock Market News Stock Research Online Trading Web Trading Real-Time Trading Advanced Online Trading Online Options Trading Mobile Stock Trading Investment Education Investment Products IRAs Stocks ETFs Options Trading Mutual Funds Account Types Contact Us Customer Support Chinese RIA Services Scottrade Careers Scottrade Blog About Scottrade Follow Us Scottrade Community Facebook Twitter RSS YouTube Forms Center Privacy Statement Security Center Terms &amp; Conditions Business Continuity Margin Disclosure Asset Protection Site Map Authorized account login and access indicates customer’s consent to the Brokerage Account Agreement.
Such consent is effective at all times when using this site.
Unauthorized access is prohibited.
Scottrade, Inc.
and Scottrade Bank are separate but affiliated companies and are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Scottrade Financial Services, Inc.
Brokerage products and services offered by Scottrade, Inc.
- Member FINRA and SIPC.
Deposit products and services offered by Scottrade Bank, Member FDIC.
Brokerage Products Not FDIC-Insured - Not Bank Guaranteed - May Lose Value.
Online market and limit stock trades are just $7 for stocks priced $1 and above.
*May 2012, Smart Money recognized Scottrade as its overall second-highest ranking broker, with the highest score for fees and commissions and banking services.
Scottrade does not charge setup, inactivity or annual maintenance fees.
Applicable transaction fees still apply.
Scottrade does not provide tax advice.
The material provided is for informational purposes only.
Please consult your tax, or legal, advisor for questions concerning your personal tax or financial situation.
Select investments are commission free to those using Scottrade's online platforms.
Other fees and charges may apply.
Any specific securities, or types of securities, used as examples are for demonstration purposes only.
None of the information provided should be considered a recommendation or solicitation to invest in, or liquidate, a particular security or type of security.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, charges, expense, and unique risk profile of an Exchange Traded Fund (ETF) carefully before investing.
Leveraged and Inverse ETFs may not be suitable for all investors and may increase exposure to volatility through the use of leverage, short sales of securities, derivatives and other complex investment strategies.
These funds’ performance will likely be significantly different than their benchmark over periods of more than one day, and their performance over time may in fact trend opposite of their benchmark.
Investors should monitor these holdings, consistent with their strategies, as frequently as daily.
A prospectus contains this and other information about the ETF and should be obtained from the issuer.
The prospectus should be read carefully before investing.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of a mutual fund carefully before investing.
A mutual fund's prospectus contains this and other information about the mutual fund.
Prospectuses may be ordered through Scottrade.
com or through a Scottrade branch office.
The prospectus should be read carefully before investing.
No transaction fee (NTF) funds are subject to the terms and conditions of the NTF funds program.
Scottrade is compensated by the funds participating in the NTF program through recordkeeping, shareholder, or SEC 12b-1 fees.
Margin trading involves interest charges and risks, including the potential to lose more than deposited or the need to deposit additional collateral in a falling market.
The Margin Disclosure Statement and Agreement (PDF) is available for download, or it is available at one of our branch offices.
It contains information on our lending policies, interest charges, and the risks associated with margin accounts.
Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors.
Detailed information on our policies and the risks associated with options can be found in the Scottrade Options Application and Agreement, Brokerage Account Agreement, and by downloading the Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options and Supplements (PDF) from The Options Clearing Corporation, or by requesting a copy from a Scottrade branch office.
Supporting documentation for any claims will be supplied upon request.
Market volatility, volume, and system availability may impact account access and trade execution.
Testimonials may not be representative of the experience of other clients and are no guarantee of future performance or success.
Scottrade® and the Scottrade® logo are the registered and unregistered trademarks of Scottrade, Inc.
and its affiliates.
© 2012 Scottrade, Inc.
All rights reserved.
