 Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off.
Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Your browser currently is not set to accept Cookies.
Please turn it on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.
Shop by Brand Men's Brands Altamont Ambiguous Billabong Brixton Bullhead DC Shoes Diamond Supply Co.
Ezekiel Fox Hurley Insight Matix Modern Amusement Nike O'Neill On The Byas Quiksilver Riot Society RVCA Vans Volcom Young &amp; Reckless More &gt;&gt; Women's Brands Billabong Black Poppy Bullhead Black Cheap Monday Civil Doe Fox Hurley Insight Kirra LA Hearts Lira Metal Mulisha Nollie O'Neill Qupid Rip Curl Roxy Steve Madden Vigoss Volcom With Love from California Young &amp; Reckless More &gt;&gt; Go My Bag0 LOG IN WITH: My Account Login / Register Wish List Order Status Pacsun Mens Womens Shoes Denim Trends Sale Brands Blog The Latest New Arrivals PacSun Gift Cards Great Deals Essentials Trade Collective Ashley's Picks Winter Sneak Peek Lookbook Women's Apparel Jeans Tees Tanks &amp; Camis Tops Longsleeve Tees Shirts &amp; Flannels Hoodies &amp; Fleece Sweaters Jackets Dresses &amp; Rompers Pants Shorts Skirts Swimwear Women's Accessories Shoes Handbags Backpacks Jewelry &amp; Hair Belts &amp; Hats Sunglasses Fragrance Legwear &amp; Misc.
Don't miss The Latest New Arrivals PacSun Gift Cards Great Deals Denim Fit Guide Colored Twill &amp; Chinos Men's Apparel Jeans Tees V-Necks, Crews, &amp; Polos Tanks Shirts &amp; Flannels Longsleeve Knits Hoodies &amp; Fleece Sweaters Jackets Pants Shorts Boardshorts Men's Accessories Shoes Hats Backpacks Sunglasses Headphones &amp; Misc Watches Belts Wallets Cologne Don't miss Men's Shop All Boots Casual Sandals Sneakers Shop by Brand Converse DC Shoes Emerica Etnies Globe New Balance Nike Vans Women's Shop All Boots Flats Heels &amp; Wedges Sandals Sneakers Shop by Brand Converse Kirra Nike Qupid Report Roxy Steve Madden Vans Don't miss Reg.
price only.
Free standard shipping and returns apply to U.
S.
orders only.
Women's Shop All Shop by Style Bandeau Triangle Halter Underwire Tie-Side Brief One-Piece Shop by Brand Billabong Black Poppy Fox Hurley Kirra La Hearts Roxy Volcom Men's Shop All Shop by Brand Hurley Billabong O'Neill Volcom RVCA Quiksilver Fox Nike DC Rip Curl Features Online Exclusives Signature Styles Hybrid Shorts Hurley Phantom O'Neill Superfreak Promotion Men's Shop All Extended Sizes Colored Denim Shop by Fit Skinniest Skinny Slim Straight Boot Shop by Brand Bullhead Levi's Matix RVCA Volcom Women's Shop All Extended Sizes Colored &amp; Printed Denim Destructed Denim Shop by Fit Skinniest Skinny Slim Boot Boot Shop by Brand Bullhead Black Cheap Monday Fox Insight Roxy Vigoss Don't miss Men's Women's Men's Sale Shop All Apparel Accessories Clearance Shop All Apparel Accessories New Offers Graphic Tees Shirts &amp; Flannels Hoodies &amp; Fleece Denim Women's Sale Shop All Apparel Accessories Clearance Shop All Apparel Accessories New Offers Tees Tanks &amp; Camis Dresses &amp; Rompers Denim Don't miss Brands Men's &gt; Women's &gt; Men's &gt; Women's &gt; Men's &gt; Women's &gt; Women's &gt; Men's &gt; Men's &gt; Men's &gt; Women's &gt; Men's &gt; Women's &gt; Men's &gt; Women's &gt; Men's &gt; Women's &gt; Men's &gt; Men's &gt; Women's &gt; Men's &gt; Women's &gt; Men's &gt; Women's &gt; Men's &gt; Women's &gt; Men's &gt; Men's &gt; Women's &gt; More &gt; Company Info About PacSun Careers Investor Relations Social Responsibility Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions PacSun Credit Card Privacy Policy Privacy Policy POLICY We value our relationship with you and your privacy is very important to us.
Trust that we protect your personal information and that our servers are secure.
A heads-up below on information that we may ask for, how and why we collect it, your options and what we do to safeguarded all.
In this policy, the phrases "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" mean any information by which you can be identified or contacted, such as your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number.
CONTENT TO USE When you provide personal information to PacSun, you are consenting to the manner in which PacSun will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your personal information, as set forth below.
Rest assured that PacSun will exercise the utmost care and caution in handling your personal information and in disseminating it only pursuant to the terms of this privacy policy.
We use your personal information that we collect to conduct our business and to provide you with the best possible products and services.
To best serve you, we may share your personally identifiable information with service providers that provide support services to us or that help us market our products and services.
Service providers, third parties who perform services on our behalf, are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available from PacSun.
We may also, in certain instances, disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify you, contact you, or bring legal action to protect your rights or the rights of PacSun or others.
We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when you ask us to do so or when we believe it is required by law.
MAKING PURCHASES When you place an order with PacSun, we ask you to provide Payment Method, Credit Card Account Number and Expiration Date (if applicable), Name (as it appears on credit card), "Bill To" Address (as it appears on your credit card statement), "Ship To" Address (if different from billing address), Daytime Phone Number, Email Address This information is necessary to process your order, and we assure you that your personal information is transmitted over secure servers.
When we process a credit card transaction, your information is forwarded directly to our credit card processor for authorization.
We further guarantee you will only pay for authorized items that you have ordered.
You will have the option of saving your personal information in our secure system for future purchases.
The information is stored in the form of a "cookie" in your computer.
Even though you need cookies to be enabled to make an online purchase, it is not necessary to save information via cookie if you choose not to.
PacSun collaborates with government agencies and security organizations to prevent fraud and fraudulent use of your personal information.
During fraud prevention investigations, we may share information with the agencies that assist us, as permitted and required by US law.
This information will never be used for marketing purposes.
Usage is strictly assigned to assist and prevent fraud investigations.
If you're still not comfortable shopping online and want to phone in your order, by all means do so.
FAIR CREDIT BILLING ACT The Fair Credit Billing Act was passed by Congress in 1975.
This Act prohibits your bank or credit card processor from holding you liable for more than $50 on fraudulent charges made to your credit card.
If you are held liable for this charge, PacSun.
com will reimburse you the $50.
ONLINE REGISTRATION Register once, save time every time.
By registering with PacSun.
com, your checkout is fast and easy, you have quick access to your order history, your address book with shipping addresses is saved, and you can access to your wish list to share with friends, and special offers via email.
The personal information collected at registration includes your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, birth date, and a password that you select.
Now, you don't have to register to shop online, but it's a good idea.
EMAIL &amp; CATALOG SUBSCRIPTIONS Email sign-up is available during check-out and on every page of our website.
If you sign up for our emails, you'll be the first to hear about up-coming sales, online exclusive discounts, contests and more.
You can sign up to receive our PacSun email newsletter, outlet emails and our seasonal catalog.
You'll always be able to unsubscribe from of these subscriptions, and we have a Contact Preference Center where you can manage these subscriptions so you only get what you're interested in.
And no, we'll never sell or share you info with another company.
ONLINE CONTEST &amp; SWEEPSTAKES We're always throwing down new, fun online contests and sweepstakes at PacSun.
Enter, you could win! Most sweepstakes and contests are open to U.
S.
residents 13 years and older.
If you are under the age of majority in your state: make sure you get your parent's permission before entering any personal info.
(Note: To comply with the Child's Online Privacy Protection Act: COPPA, PacSun doesn't collect info from anyone who is under 13 years old.
) To enter a given sweepstakes or contest, you may need to submit your name, address, state, zip code, phone number, gender, date of birth &amp; email address.
If you are one of our winners, we'll use this information to contact you.
Contest sponsors may utilize your info based on which opt-in(s) you have selected on the sweepstakes or contest entry pages.
In addition, we may request information regarding customer preferences, such as your favorite brands or types of music.
You don't have to answer these questions, but if you do, we get a better feel for fashion and lifestyle.
COOKIES The data file on your computer's hard drive when you visit a site.
A "session cookie" expires immediately when you end your session (i.
e.
, close your browser).
A "persistent cookie" stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same website at a later date, the cookie information is still available.
We use the information collected by cookies to determine which parts of our website are visited most often, and to determine where on our site you may be experiencing technical difficulties.
Our goal is to improve the quality of our website, tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests, track and/or analyze visiting patterns, and resolve difficulties you may encounter while on our site.
IP ADDRESSES In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or providing us with any information.
However we collect the IP (Internet Protocol) addresses of all visitors to our website.
We only use IP addresses to resolve system problems, assist you in navigating our site via Live Person and deter unauthorized or abusive access to our site.
CHILDREN PacSun will never knowingly or intentionally request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent.
If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to PacSun for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files.
If you are a parent and you think we have inadvertently collected such information from your child, you may email us at info@pacificsunwear.
com or contact Customer Service at 1-877-372-2786.
POLICY CHANGES This policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided you about our information practices.
We reserve the right to change this policy, and to apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law.
If there are material changes to this policy or our information practices change in the future, we will notify you by posting the policy changes on our website.
Effective Date: This policy was last updated on 6/25/2009.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PacSun may link to unaffiliated third party websites.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to unaffiliated third party websites.
The examples contained in this Privacy Policy are illustrations only, and are not intended to be exhaustive.
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please email us at info@pacificsunwear.
com or contact Customer Service at 1-877-372-2786.
Free shipping on any domestic order over $75 (or flat $7) Sign up for emails for a chance to win $100 Details Sign Up Find a PacSun Near You Find Store Find a Pacsun near you Find Store Company Info About PacSun Careers Investor Relations Social Responsibility Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions PacSun Credit Card Just for You Customer Service Contact Us My Account Wish List Affiliates International Shipping Gift Card Site Map Social Mobile Google+ Facebook YouTube Flickr Twitter Pinterest ©2012 Pacific Sunwear of California Inc.
All rights reserved.
