 You must have JavaScript enabled to view this site.
Please check your browser settings.
Welcome Username My Account Wish List Find a Store Events Calendar Checkout Shopping Cart ({0}) Country: United States United States English Canada English Français Europe United Kingdom Sweden France Italy Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Australia New Zealand Thailand Malaysia Mongolia China (中国) Nepal Philippines Singapore Taiwan Hong Kong Latin America Todos Los Países Brasil Chile Men's Women's Kids' Equipment Shop by "|" Exploration Innovation Get Outdoors Privacy Policy and Legal Notices Home / Contact Us / Privacy Policy and Legal Notices CUSTOMER SERVICE Contact Us FAQ Product Care Warranty/Product Guarantee Return Policy Privacy Policy and Legal Notices Sizing Charts THE NORTH FACE ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY This privacy policy describes how VF Outdoor, Inc (dba “The North Face”) collects and uses the personal information you provide on our website at www.
thenorthface.
com.
  It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
The North Face has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information.
  TRUSTe’s program covers information that is collected through this website.
  TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at tnfsupport@vfc.
com.
  If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here.
The North Face respects your privacy.
Information Collection &amp; Use When you visit The North Face website, you may provide information to us and we may collect website interaction information through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
   The information collected by us includes information that you give us to, for example, make product purchases, request information or communications, register to join the website, email lists, forums, blogs, etc.
, register for events, participate in promotions, contests or other marketing activities and that information collected may include name, address, city, state, telephone, email, credit card number, age and gender.
         A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive.
A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you visit, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself.
A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites.
Some parts of this site use cookies to track user traffic patterns and/or to provide access such as shopping online.
   The North Face does not share this information or sell it to any third party.
  If you prefer not to receive cookies on this website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence.
You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser.
You do not need to have cookies turned on to browse the website; however, you will not be able to shop our online store without receiving a cookie.
Web Beacons We employ and our third party advertising partner employ a software technology called Web Beacons (a.
k.
a.
Web Bugs or Clear Gifs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective.
  Web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users.
  In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Web beacsons are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
We do not tie the information gathered by Web beacons to our customers’ personally identifiable information.
We use Web beacons in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients.
  This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
  Third Party Tracking Technologies The use of cookies and Web beacons by third parties are not covered by our privacy policy.
  We do not have access or control over these cookies.
  We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies and Web beacson to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate to capture usage and volume statistics to improve our website.
Widgets  Our includes Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site.
These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website.
Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Advertising We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites.
  Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (Link to TRUSTe global opt-out: http://preferences.
truste.
com/).
Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.
  You will continue to receive generic ads.
 The North Face uses the individual identifying information it has collected online, in retail stores, through promotional events, etc.
in order to personalize your experience on our website and in our retail stores, send you communications that you consent to receive, either electronically or otherwise and for purposes of online shopping as well as retail store shopping in accordance with this privacy policy.
   For example, we may use the information we collect to administer purchases and customer service on the website; improve and maintain the website; send you marketing information including events and promotions; customize your online or retail store shopping or browsing experience; administer surveys and promotions.
  We only send you information when you have agreed to receive such information through an opt-in or opt-out process.
In addition, all promotional emails will include unsubscribe instructions; however, you may receive information from us at any time specific to customer service issues which are transactional in nature and therefore you may not opt-out of receiving these types of communications.
  We collect information about gift recipients (i.
e.
, ship to addresses) to fulfill the gift purchase, respond to customer service inquiries and for analysis purposes only.
   If you choose to use our invitation tools or mobile services to invite or contact friends through our website, we will ask you for information needed to send the one-time invitation from the site, such as your friends' email addresses, your email address, your Facebook account information, other contact lists (e.
g.
, Gmail, Twitter, Hotmail, and Yahoo) or your mobile phone and your friend’s mobile phone.
You will have the option to choose which contacts are sent this one-time invitation.
  The North Face does not make individual identifying information available to third parties, including business partners, for marketing purposes without your affirmative consent to such sharing of information; however, we may transfer collected information between The North Face and third party contracted service providers who use that information only to conduct The North Face business.
  For example, a third party may handle The North Face's credit card processing, shipping, data management, email distribution, Live Chat, market research, information analysis, and promotions management.
  We may also share your information to administer a website feature (e.
g.
video download or event registration) and in that case you will be given the option to opt out of the feature if you do not want your information shared.
  All credit card transactions are secure and comply with the Payment Card Industry security standards.
  We may disclose specific information when required by law, regulation or government agency including law enforcement when we believe the disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
  We may share information to prevent illegal uses of the website or violations of the terms of use, or defend ourselves against third-party claims.
  We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection, counterfeiting or investigation.
   All service providers may not use your personally identifiable information for their own marketing purposes.
  We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under 18 in the State of Maine.
Customer Testimonials/Comments/Reviews We post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our website which may contain personally identifiable information.
  We do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting the testimonial along with personally identifiable information.
Surveys or Contests From time-to-time,we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site.
  If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
  The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
  We use this information to notify contest winner and award prizes and to monitor site traffic to improve our website.
We also use your contact information to send you promotional emails.
You always have the option to opt-out out of these emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in each promotional email.
Links to Other Sites This website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by The North Face.
Please be aware that we, The North Face is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
  We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
  Public Forums: Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at tnfsupport@vfc.
com.
  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Contact Information and Email Preference Management If you would like to opt-out from receiving The North Face emails, please contact Customer Service, or manage your email preferences within the "My Account" section of our website.
Telephone             (888) TNF-1968       Email -  tnfsupport@vfc.
com Corporate Address  The North Face VF Outdoor, Inc.
  2013 Farallon Drive   San Leandro, CA 94577        Access to Personally Identifiable Information If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete/remove or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at tnfsupport@vfc.
com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed above.
  We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
Security The security of your personal information is important to us.
  We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
  Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Data Retention We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at tnfsupport@vfc.
com.
  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Business Transitions In the event The North Face goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred.
  You will be notified via email and/or prominent notice on our website for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
  Chat &amp; Shop Basics  This forum is designed for you to interact with others who are browsing a product at the same time.
  We encourage you to share your expertise on products, recommended uses, and knowledge of product features with others in the ‘chat’ with you.
  Read what others are saying, gain product insights, and help others make informed decisions.
  We hope this chat forum provides accurate, beneficial product information.
  For remaining questions, or to validate any comments provided in a chat, please contact our Customer Service for further product information.
  Who’s in the Room?  You’ll never know who you will find in a discussion.
  From professional athletes, to your favorite neighbor, to your newfound nemesis, chat rooms are open and available to all.
  As such we’d like to remind you, that like swimming without a lifeguard, to please chat at your own risk.
  Read more on our Privacy Policy.
  What should I say? •    Ask product-related questions •    Share product knowledge •    Give product comparisons   What shouldn’t I say?  Please mind your p’s and q’s.
  We strongly encourage chat participants to share beneficial product knowledge in a friendly, casual manner.
  Any inappropriate or vulgar content is frowned upon, and will be removed.
  The North Face is not responsible, and can not be held liable, for content or events that transpire from chats.
To learn more about our guidelines, please read our Privacy Policy.
  Do not post: •    Personal identifiable information (name, address, etc.
) •    Obscene, offensive, or immoral comments •    Copyrighted material •    Solicitations, advertisements, or any other form of “spam”  How can I report an inappropriate comment? If you find an offensive, vulgar, or comment that otherwise violates our chat guidelines and Privacy Policy, please contact our Customer Service at 1-888-TNF-1968.
TERMS OF USE &amp; LEGAL NOTICES The North Face®, a division of VF Outdoor, Inc.
, (“The North Face”), provides this website to you subject to the following terms of use and privacy policy.
   By using the website in any way, you are agreeing to comply with the terms of use.
In addition, when using particular parts of the website such as shopping, forums, watching videos, blogs or Planet Explore, you agree to abide by any applicable posted guidelines for those services.
  Should you object to any term or condition of the terms of use, any guidelines, or any subsequent modifications or become dissatisfied with website any way, your only recourse is to immediately discontinue use of this website.
  The North Face may modify this terms of use, guidelines and privacy policy at any time without notice, effective upon its posting to the website.
Your continued use of the website constitutes your acceptance to the updated terms of use, guidelines and privacy policy.
  The North Face has the right, but is not obligated, to strictly enforce the terms of use through self-help, community moderation, active investigation, litigation and prosecution.
Trademarks The North Face trademarks displayed on this website are trademarks or registered trademarks of The North Face and its affiliated companies in the United States and internationally.
  All other trademarks are the sole property of their respective companies.
  All use prohibited.
Ownership The website is protected to the maximum extent permitted by copyright and intellectual property rights law and international treaties.
All content displayed on or through the website including but not limited to videos, blogs, forums, product descriptions, athlete data, data sheets, FAQs is owned exclusively by The North Face and/or its affiliated companies and/or suppliers and is protected by copyright or other laws, including as a collective work and/or compilation, pursuant to copyrights laws, and international conventions.
  Except for the limited license set forth below, any reproduction, modification, display or creation of derivative works from or redistribution of the website, any content on the website or the collective work, and/or copying is prohibited including but not limited to reproduction to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution.
  You may not decompile or disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover any source code contained in the website.
  Without limiting the foregoing, you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any aspect of the website.
The North Face grants you permission to copy such materials so long as each copy (i) is solely for your own informational, non-commercial use and is not modified or revised in any manner, (ii) plainly displays all copyright and other proprietary notices, in the same form and manner as on the original and (iii) displays a statement that the materials are used solely with permission of The North Face.
  The North Face grants its authorized online accounts (i.
e.
, entities that have agreed to the terms of the separate The North Face Online Dealer Policy) to link from the authorized accounts website to video content.
  No other use of the information is authorized.
 Although The North Face does not claim ownership of third party content on the website such as third party messages, text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, or other materials (“User Content”) that users post, by posting User Content to any public area of the website, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to The North Face an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, display, and distribute said User Content and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, said User Content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses (through multiple tiers) of the foregoing.
Furthermore, by posting User Content to any public area of the website, you automatically grant The North Face all rights necessary to prohibit any subsequent aggregation, display, copying, duplication, reproduction, or exploitation of the User Content on the website by any party for any purpose.
Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license or right under any intellectual property, patent, trademark or copyright of The North Face or any third party.
Feedback Any questions, comments, suggestions, or other information submitted to The North Face through this website shall be deemed non-confidential and The North Face shall be free to use, reproduce, disclose and distribute such information and any ideas contained therein in any manner without limitation.
  The North Face specifically prohibits you from sending us any information that you consider to be confidential or proprietary through this website.
  Please note that if you do send us any such information or material, the information will be non-confidential and fully exploit the information without any obligation or liabilities to you.
Copyright This website is protected under copyright law and all rights reserved except as expressly provided herein.
Individual documents may contain different copyright notices and/or additional proprietary notices.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please notify The North Face agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement ("Copyright Agent"), at tnfcopyrightagent@vfc.
com or: Copyright Agent The North Face Website VF Outdoor, Inc.
2013 Farallon Drive , San Leandro , CA 94577 You must provide our Agent with the following Notice:  1.
Identify the material on the website that you claim is infringing, with enough detail so that we may locate it on the website; 2.
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;   3.
A statement by you declaring under penalty of perjury that (1) the above information in your Notice is accurate, and (2) that you are the owner of the copyright interest involved or that you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner;   4.
Your address, telephone number, and email address; and 5.
Your physical or electronic signature.
  The North Face will remove the infringing posting(s), subject to the procedures outlined in the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).
Establishing an Account Users of all ages are welcome to browse the website however, you may only establish an account if you are 18 years of age or over.
In order to purchase products/services from the website and in order to access/use some features on the website, you may be required to establish and use an account.
In addition to your name and contact information, you may be required to submit a valid credit card number, billing address, and related billing information in connection with your account.
When you register for an account you must (i) provide accurate and truthful information, and (ii) update such information from time to time as necessary to keep your registration information current and accurate.
By establishing an account, you represent and warrant you have the right and are authorized to provide the information you provide when you register for the account.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and password and for restricting access to such information and to your computer.
All activities that occur under your account or password shall be your responsibility.
User Conduct You agree not to transmit to The North Face any information or post, email, or otherwise make available User Content that: (i) is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, or is harmful to minors in any way; (ii) is pornographic or depicts a human being engaged in actual sexual conduct;   (iii) harasses, degrades, intimidates or is hateful toward an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability; (iv) impersonates any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a The North Face employee, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity; (v) that includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent; (vi) is false, deceptive, misleading, or deceitful; (vii) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party, or User Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (viii) that constitutes or contains   "affiliate marketing," "link referral code," "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or unsolicited commercial advertisement; (ix) constitutes or contains any form of advertising or solicitation if posted in areas of the website which is not designated for such purposes or emailed to The North Face users who have not indicated in writing that it is ok to contact them about other services, products or commercial interests; (x) advertises any illegal service; (xi) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (xii) disrupts the normal flow of dialogue with an excessive amount of User Content (flooding attack) to the website, or that otherwise negatively affects other users' ability to use the website; (xiii) that employs misleading email addresses, or forged headers or otherwise manipulated identifiers in order to disguise the origin of User Content transmitted through the website.
Additionally, you agree not to: (i) contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted, or make unsolicited contact with anyone for any commercial purpose; (ii) "stalk" or otherwise harass anyone through the website; (iii) collect personal data about other users for commercial or unlawful purposes; (iv) use automated means, including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download data from the website; (v) post irrelevant User Content, repeatedly post the same or similar User Content or otherwise impose an unreasonable loads on our infrastructure; (vi) post any deceptive events; or (vii) attempt to gain unauthorized access to The North Face computer systems or engage in any activity that disrupts, diminishes the quality of, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality of, the website.
  The North Face may remove any User Content at any time for any reason and The North Face may terminate your access to the website at any time for violation of these terms of use or any other reason.
Third Party User Content on the Website You understand that all User Content posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the website, is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such User Content originated.
.
You understand that The North Face does not control, and is not responsible for User Content made available through the website and that by using the website, you may be exposed to User Content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable.
The North Face expressly disclaims any liability for such third party statements and User Content.
  Furthermore, the website and User Content available through the website may contain links to other websites, which are completely independent of The North Face.
  The North Face makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of the information contained in any such site.
  Your linking to any other websites is at your own risk.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any User Content, that you may not rely on said User Content, and that under no circumstances will The North Face be liable in any way for any User Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any User Content posted, emailed or otherwise made available via the website.
You acknowledge that The North Face does not pre-screen or approve User Content, but that The North Face shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse, delete or move any User Content for any reason.
Your interactions with organizations, events and/or individuals found on or through the website are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals.
  The North Face expressly disclaims any liability for such organizations, events or individuals.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES YOU AGREE THAT USE OF THE NORTH FACE WEBSITE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
 THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" OR "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.
 ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE NORTH FACE DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR THE SECURITY, RELIABILITY, TIMELINESS, ACCURACY, AND PERFORMANCE OF THE WEBSITE.
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE WEBSITE DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR OTHER SERVICES OR GOODS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED ON THE WEBSITE,  OR ACCESSED THROUGH ANY LINKS ON THE WEBSITE.
 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE NORTH FACE DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES FOR VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE.
 Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties.
 In such jurisdictions, some of the foregoing disclaimers may not apply to you insofar as they relate to implied warranties.
  LIMITATION ON LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY OF THE NORTH FACE UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE NORTH FACE BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (EVEN IF THE NORTH FACE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM ANY ASPECT OF YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, WHETHER THE DAMAGES ARISE FROM USE OR MISUSE OF THE WEBSITE, FROM INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, OR THE INTERRUPTION, SUSPENSION, MODIFICATION, ALTERATION, OR TERMINATION OF THE NORTH FACE WEBSITE.
 SUCH LIMITATION SHALL ALSO APPLY WITH RESPECT TO DAMAGES INCURRED BY REASON OF OTHER SERVICES OR PRODUCTS RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE OR ANY LINKS ON THE WEBSITE, AS WELL AS BY REASON OF ANY INFORMATION OR ADVICE RECEIVED THROUGH OR ADVERTISED IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE OR ANY LINKS ON THE WEBSITE.
 THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
 In some jurisdictions, limitations of liability are not permitted.
 In such jurisdictions, some of the foregoing limitation may not apply to you.
You agree to indemnify and hold The North Face, its officers, subsidiaries, affiliates, successors, assigns, directors, officers, agents, service providers, suppliers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney fees and court costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of User Content you submit, post or make available through the website, your third party event, website or organization, your use of the website, your violation of the terms of use, your breach of any of the representations and warranties herein, or your violation of any rights of another.
Confidentiality Certain areas on this website may contain The North Face confidential information.
A valid user name and password are required to access those areas.
Access by unauthorized persons, and unauthorized use or disclosure of The North Face confidential information, may be a violation of The North Face's rights and are strictly prohibited.
By accessing The North Face confidential information, you agree to keep this information confidential.
You also agree to treat this confidential information with a standard of care which is of at least as high a standard as that which you apply to your most confidential information and to only disclose it within your company to employees with a "need to know" who are instructed and agree not to disclose the information and not to use the information for any purpose not permitted.
Compliance with Applicable Laws; Export Control Laws This website is operated, in whole or in part, from the United States .
User access to this website is governed by all applicable federal, state and local laws.
All information available on the website is subject to U.
S.
export control laws and may also be subject to the laws of the country where you reside.
All The North Face products and publications are commercial in nature.
  The North Face does not make any representations regarding the legality of access to or use of this website or the information contained therein from other countries.
Access in countries where the information contained herein or the products sold through this website are illegal is prohibited.
Users who access this website from outside of the United States do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with applicable US export and local country laws.
By using this website, regardless of where you live in the world, you consent to have your personal data transferred to and processed and collected in the United States in compliance with the privacy policy.
Disclosure – Forward-looking Statements Some of the information on this website may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of The North Face.
We wish to caution you that these statements are only predictions and that actual events or results may differ materially.
We refer you to the documents VF Corporation, the owner of The North Face brand, files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, specifically, VF Corporation’s most recent Form 10-K, Form 10-Q, and Form 10-Q/A.
These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements, including, among others, potential fluctuations in quarterly results, dependence on new product development; rapid technological and market change, acquisition strategy, manufacturing risks, risks associated with Internet infrastructure, volatility of stock price, financial risk management, and future growth subject to risks.
The North Face® News Endurance Challenge 2011 March 10 2011 Action For Healthy Kids February 26 2011 Animagi Jacket Wins Award January 4 2010 More News The North Face® Events Madison, WI Race 2012-09-15 Atlanta, GA Race 2012-10-13 Kansas City, MO Race 2012-11-17 Events Calendar The North Face® Blog Nikki Kimball Completes Historic 273-Mile Long Trail in Record Time August 20 2012 Nikki Kimball completed the iconic Long Trail in just 5 days, 7 hours and 42 minutes, setting the women’s supported speed record.
View the blog Our Blog Facebook Twitter Youtube Email Updates Get the latest news on athletes, expeditions, gear and offers! The North Face® Stores Near You Loading.
.
.
Find a Store Men's Jackets &amp; Vests Shirts &amp; Sweaters Pants &amp; Shorts Accessories Footwear Collections Activity New Arrivals Best Sellers Athlete Picks Women's Jackets &amp; Vests Shirts &amp; Sweaters Pants &amp; Shorts Accessories Footwear Collections Activity New Arrivals Best Sellers Athlete Picks Kids' Boys' Girls' Infants' (0M-24M) Toddlers' (2T-4T) New Arrivals Best Sellers Equipment Daypacks Technical Packs Luggage/Duffels Tents Sleeping Bags Collections Activity New Arrivals Best Sellers Athlete Picks SHOP BY Activity Benefit Technology New Arrivals Collection EXPLORATION Climbing &amp; Hiking Skiing &amp; Snowboarding Biking Running &amp; Yoga Athletes Expeditions Video Gallery Know Boundaries INNOVATION Sustainability Technology Research &amp; Development GET OUTDOORS Mobile Endurance Challenge Role Models Speaker Series PlanetExplore Park &amp; Pipe Open Series Masters of Snowboarding COLLECTIONS Softshell Jackets Fleece Alpine Project Summit Series® Flight Series® Cryptic® Camping Daypacks 40 years of innovation and exploration About Us Our Story Technology Sustainability Careers Company News Partners PlanetExplore Explore Fund Dealer Resources Summit Signals Supply Chain Act of 2010 Customer Service Contact Us Product Care Warranty/Product Guarantee Return Policy Privacy Policy &amp; Legal Notices Sizing Charts © The North Face®
|
Privacy Policy
|
Site Map CLIMBING &amp; HIKING See what peaks our climbers are conquering today.
SKIING &amp; SNOWBOARDING Meet our riders who live to charge fresh powder lines.
RUNNING &amp; YOGA See what events our endurance runners and yoginis are in this year.
BIKING Our team of freeriders live to bomb downhill, on the ground and in the air.
ATHLETES Learn what drives our world-class international athletes.
EXPEDITIONS Find expeditions from over the last 43 years and see what’s just around the corner.
VIDEO GALLERY From expedition highlights to product how-to’s, see our athletes, experts, and products in action.
KNOW BOUNDARIES Watch our snow safety and backcountry awareness videos.
Mobile Whether you're searching for the best pow, the perfect trail, or technical new gear, we have you covered.
Endurance Challenge Find an event in your region and sign up for one of six distance options - 5K, 10K, Half Marathon, Marathon Relay, 50K and 50 Mile Role Models Led by The North Face athletes, our clinics will provide resources, stories and motivation to get you and your family outdoors.
Speaker Series Top athletes from The North Face share tales of adventure in a live speaker series tour in cities around the country.
Shop By NEW ARRIVALS BEST SELLERS ATHLETE PICKS GIFT CARDS SHOP BY ACTIVITY Skiing Snowboarding Climbing Hiking Running Training Yoga All Activities SHOP BY BENEFIT Waterproof Wind Protection Packable Breathable Water Resistant Reflective Insulated bluesign® Recycled Content All Benefits SHOP BY TECHNOLOGY ABS FlashDry Cradle GORE-TEX® HyVent® PrimaLoft® Goose Down Polartec® TKA TNF™ Apex Windstopper® WindWall® All Technologies SHOP BY COLLECTION Summit Series® Flight Series® Cryptic® Steep Tech Triclimate Jackets Mountain Heritage Board for Breast Cancer Meru Collection Footwear All Collections Women'sBoard for Breast Cancer Collection Wear the ribbon.
Support the cause.
Limited edition collection to raise awareness of the importance of early detection.
Shop Now Shop by Women's New Arrivals Best Sellers Athlete Picks Gift Cards Outfits Jackets &amp; Vests Triclimate® Insulated Skiing/Snowboarding Fleece Soft Shells/Windwear Technical Shells Rainwear Running/Training/Yoga Lifestyle Vests Extended Sizes All Jackets &amp; Vests Footwear Boots Running Hiking/Backpacking Casual/Sandals All Footwear Shirts &amp; Sweaters Full Zip 1/4 Zip Fleece Hoodies Sweaters Running/Training/Yoga Long-Sleeve Short-Sleeve Tees Camis/Tanks/Sports Bra Baselayers All Shirts &amp; Sweaters Accessories Hats/Caps Gloves/Mitts Smartwool® Socks All Accessories Pants &amp; Shorts Skiing/Snowboarding Rainwear Running/Training/Yoga Casual/Lifestyle Shorts Dresses/Skirts Baselayers Extended Sizes All Pants &amp; Shorts Activity Skiing Snowboarding Climbing Hiking Running Training Yoga Trekking/Travel All Activities Collections Mountain Heritage Summit Series® Flight Series® Cryptic® Steep Tech™ All Collections Women'sPink Ribbon Osito Jacket Wear the ribbon.
Limited edition fleece jacket part of our partnership with Boarding for Breast Cancer.
Shop Now Shop by Men's New Arrivals Best Sellers Athlete Picks Gift Cards Outfits Jackets &amp; Vests Triclimate® Insulated Skiing/Snowboarding Soft Shells/Windwear Technical Shells Fleece Rainwear Running/Training Lifestyle Vests Extended Sizes All Jackets &amp; Vests Footwear Boots Running Hiking/Backpacking Casual/Sandals All Footwear Shirts &amp; Sweaters Full Zip 1/4 Zip Fleece Hoodies Sweaters Running/Training Long-Sleeve Short-Sleeve Tees Baselayers Extended Sizes All Shirts &amp; Sweaters Accessories Hats/Caps Gloves/Mitts Smartwool® Socks All Accessories Pants &amp; Shorts Skiing/Snowboarding Suits/Bibs Rainwear Running/Training Casual/Lifestyle Shorts Baselayers Extended Sizes All Pants &amp; Shorts Activity Skiing Snowboarding Climbing Hiking Running Training Trekking/Travel All Activities Collections Mountain Heritage Summit Series® Flight Series® Cryptic® Steep Tech™ All Collections Men'sKannon Shell Jacket Waterproof, breathable Summit Series® shell with FlashDry™ technology for superior wicking and breathability in the backcountry.
Shop Now Shop by Kids' New Arrivals Best Sellers Gift Cards Boys' Jackets &amp; Vests Shirts Pants &amp; Shorts Footwear Accessories Girls' Jackets &amp; Vests Shirts Pants &amp; Shorts Footwear Accessories Infants' (0M-24M) Jackets &amp; Vests Shirts Pants &amp; Shorts Footwear (0-9M) Accessories Toddlers' (2T-4T) Jackets &amp; Vests Shirts Pants &amp; Shorts Footwear Accessories Activity Skiing Snowboarding Climbing Running Hiking Trekking/Travel Training All Activities Collections YouthGirls' Denali Thermal Jacket Iconic style.
Softer feel.
High-loft fleece jacket with durable overlays in high-stress areas for lasting wear.
Shop Now Shop by Equipment New Arrivals Best Sellers Athlete Picks Gift Cards Daypacks Backpacks Women's Backpacks Lifestyle Laptop Waistpack All Daypacks Technical Packs Expedition Multi-Day Backpacking Hiking/Technical Daypack Winter Hydration Waistpack All Technical Packs Luggage/Duffels Carry Wheeled Ski/Snowboard Laptop Waterproof Compressible All Luggage/Duffels Tents Expedition 3 Season Ultralight Recreational Camping Accessories All Tents Sleeping Bags -40°F - 0°F 0°F - 20°F 20°F - 55°F Down Synthetic All Sleeping Bags Activity Skiing Snowboarding Climbing Running Hiking Trekking/Travel Training All Activities Collections Summit Series® Flight Series® All Collections Equipment Patrol 24 ABS Pack The ultimate ski/board pack with built-in ABS Avalanche Airbag System to significantly increase your safety margin in the backcountry.
Shop Now 
