       Choose A Country/Region      English     Buy Online or Call 1-800-WWW-DELL For Home For Small &amp; Home Office For Small &amp; Medium Business For Education, Government &amp; Healthcare For Large Enterprise   Search Dell|About Dell Best-Selling Computer Deals Laptops &amp; Ultrabooks Desktops &amp; All-in-Ones Alienware HDTVs &amp; Home Theater Electronics, Software, Printers &amp; Ink Monitors Employee &amp; Student Purchase Program Consumer Services Store Technical Support, Drivers &amp; Parts My Account  |  Premier Login  |  Technical Support  |  Order Support   For Home Best-Selling Computer Deals Laptops &amp; Ultrabooks Desktops &amp; All-in-Ones Alienware HDTVs &amp; Home Theater Electronics, Software, Printers &amp; Ink Monitors Employee &amp; Student Purchase Program Consumer Services Store Technical Support, Drivers &amp; Parts For Small &amp; Home Office Best-Selling Computer Deals Laptops, Ultrabooks &amp; Tablets Desktops, Workstations &amp; Thin Clients Servers, Storage &amp; Networking Monitors Printers, Ink &amp; Toner Electronics, Software &amp; Accessories Services Technical Support, Drivers &amp; Parts For Small &amp; Medium Business Best Selling Systems Laptops &amp; Tablets Desktops, Workstations &amp; Thin Clients Servers, Storage, Networking &amp; Security Printers, Ink &amp; Toner Electronics, Software &amp; Accessories Services Solutions Technical Support, Drivers &amp; Parts For Education, Government &amp; Healthcare K-12 Education Higher Education State &amp; Local Government Federal Government Healthcare &amp; Life Sciences Employee Purchases Support &amp; Drivers Special Offers For Large Enterprise Services Solutions Industries Laptops &amp; Tablets Mobile Devices Desktops, Workstations &amp; Thin Clients Servers, Storage, Networking &amp; Security Software &amp; Peripherals Support &amp; Drivers Appliances &amp; OEM Capabilities Dell Terms of Sale, License Agreements &amp; Policies Terms of Sale Terms and Conditions of Sale View Service Contracts Warranties Return Policy License Agreements Dell Software License Agreement Dell Services License Agreement &amp; Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) Privacy About Our Ads and Emails Mailing List Removal/Change of Address How We and Our Partners Use Cookies and Web Beacons Privacy Policy Security Legal Site Terms Copyright Legal Notices Piracy Statement Usability/Accessibility at Dell Other Policies Global Social Media Policy Encryption Privacy Policy Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information The Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information applies to Dell Inc.
and its worldwide corporate affiliates ("we" or "our"), but not to those Dell corporate affiliates that have published their own privacy and security statements.
This privacy statement also does not apply to the websites of our business partners or to any other third parties, even if their websites are linked to our website.
We recommend you review the privacy statements of the other parties with whom you interact.
This privacy statement governs personal information we collect from our customers and online from our website users ("you"), through Dell products, services, software, websites, contacts, or our relationship with you.
Please refer to your warranty statements and Dell's Return Policy for policies that apply to information contained on hard drives returned to Dell.
For the purposes of this privacy statement, "corporate affiliates" means any entity or joint venture that is wholly or partially owned or controlled by Dell Inc.
"Business partners" means any subcontractor, vendor or other entity with whom we have an ongoing business relationship to provide products, services, or information.
"Personal information" means information which identifies you, such as your name, telephone number, and email address.
Information We Collect How We Use Personal Information Disclosing Personal Information How You Can Access Your Information Selecting Your Communication Preferences How We Secure Your Personal Information Collection and Use of Children's Personal Information How We and Our Partners Use Cookies and Web Beacons Third-Party Websites and Services Changes to Our Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information Contacting Us Country Specific Privacy Information We Collect We may ask you to provide personal information when you Use our website; Request quotes, services, support, or information; Place orders for products or services; Apply for credit card or financing; Participate in surveys, sweepstakes, or other promotional activities; Subscribe to newsletters, promotional emails, or other materials; Apply for a job, submit your resume/CV, or create a candidate profile; or Contact us.
Information we may request includes your email address, name, home address, and telephone number.
If you make a purchase, we may ask for your credit card number and billing information.
We may also ask for your Social Security number and other data to process your credit or financing request.
Job applicants may be requested to provide information such as educational background, employment experience, and job interest.
We may also collect demographic information, such as your business or company information, age, gender, interests, preferences and favorites.
Forms that you may fill in will indicate whether information requested is mandatory or voluntary.
We may collect information about your visits to our websites, including the pages you view, the links and ads you click, search terms you enter, and other actions you take in connection with the Dell websites and services.
We may also collect certain information from the browser you used to come to our website, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and language, access times, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website that referred you to our website and to which URL you browse away from our site if you click on a link on our site.
In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with Dell, information collected through one source may be combined with information obtained through other Dell resources.
We may also supplement the information we collect with information obtained from other parties.
Some Dell services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company.
If you register for or use such services, both Dell and the other company may receive information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services, and may use the information according to each company's privacy statement and other agreements with you.
How We Use Personal Information Dell uses your personal information to: Deliver the services and support, or carry out, the transactions you have requested; Send communications to you, such as product safety information, your transactions status (for example, order confirmations), information about products and services available from Dell and its corporate affiliates, promotional offers, and surveys; Customize, analyze, and improve our products, services (including the content and advertisements on our website), technologies, communications and relationship with you; Enforce our conditions of sale, website terms and/or separate contracts (if applicable) with you; Prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities; Protect the security or integrity of the website, our business, or our products or services; or Otherwise, as disclosed to you at the point of collection.
Personal information collected may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Dell or its corporate affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using Dell products and services (including our website), you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Disclosing Personal Information We may share your personal information with corporate affiliates to carry out transactions you request or to make our business or that of our corporate affiliates more responsive to your needs.
We may also disclose your personal information in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention, or other legal action; as required by law or regulation; or if Dell reasonably believes it is necessary to protect Dell, its customers, or the public.
In addition, we may share your personal information with business partners that help Dell carry out transactions you request or that help Dell to customize, analyze, and/or improve our communication or relationship with you, and then only with business partners who share Dell's commitment to protecting your personal information.
Except as described above, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes unless you have provided consent.
How You Can Access Your Information Dell wants to help you keep your personal information accurate.
To view or edit your personal information that has been stored online in your Dell 'My Account,' please visit the My Account / Premier Account sections of the dell.
com website.
For the security of your account, you will be required to sign in with your login ID and password.
Selecting Your Communication Preferences You may choose to receive or not receive marketing communications from Dell by indicating your preferences.
Opportunities to select your preferences include the following: The My Account / Premier Account sections on Dell.
com allow you to choose whether you wish to receive marketing communications from Dell.
com, and to subscribe or unsubscribe to newsletters about our products and services; and At any point you can also visit our List Removal Page and request to be removed from our advertising and marketing lists (catalogs, telephone, faxes, and email); At the time you save a cart while shopping online, you can choose to receive email reminders; Any marketing by Dell, or any third parties on behalf of Dell, will be conducted in accordance with applicable laws.
Please allow up to 10 business days for your email preferences to take effect.
Because some promotions, such as direct mail catalogs, are developed in advance, you may sometimes receive solicitations after we receive your preference request.
How We Secure Your Personal Information Dell is committed to protecting the security of your personal information.
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, such as encryption, passwords, physical security, etc.
While we strive to protect your personal information, Dell cannot ensure or warrant that the personal information or private communications you transmit to us will always remain private, and you do so at your own risk.
For more information about our security measures, please click here.
If a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential.
Do not share this information with anyone.
If you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
We will not require you to transmit your SSN on the Internet unless the connection is secure or the SSN is encrypted, or require you to transmit your SSN to access a website without requiring additional authentication.
Collection and Use of Children's Personal Information Dell takes children's privacy seriously.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through our websites.
If you are under 18 years of age, please do not submit any personal information through our websites without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian.
How We and Our Partners Use Cookies and Web Beacons Click here for information about how we and our partners use cookies and web beacons to customize content and to tailor advertisements and email you receive.
Third-Party Websites and Services Please be aware that other websites that may be accessed through our website may collect personally identifiable information about you.
The information practices of those third-party websites linked to Dell.
com are not covered by this privacy statement.
We generally use the "" symbol to mark links that go to third party sites.
Please be aware that, in providing services on Dell's behalf, our business partners may collect personal information about you.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information We will occasionally update this privacy statement.
If we make changes to the Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information or make any material changes to how Dell will use your personal information, we will revise the Privacy Statement to reflect such changes and revise the statement's effective date, included at the end of this section.
We encourage you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Dell is protecting your personal information.
Contacting Us If you would like to contact us for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write to us at the following address: Dell Inc.
Attention: Privacy One Dell Way Round Rock, Texas 78682 USA You may also email us at privacy@dell.
com.
Privacy Statement Regarding Customer and Online User Information Effective Date: December 30, 2010.
Shop Solutions Services Systems Software &amp; Peripherals Support Home Users Small Businesses Enterprise IT Community Join the Discussion Share Your Ideas Read our Blog Ratings &amp; Reviews Community Home Company Information About Dell Corporate Responsibility Careers Investors Newsroom My Account Sign-in / Register Order Status Laptops | Desktop Computers | Gaming Laptops | Gaming Desktops | Servers | Data Storage | Tablets | Refurbished Laptops | Dell Coupons | Dell Reviews | New Products | Top Searches Monitors | Printers | Projectors | TVs | Home Theater Systems | Digital Cameras | Video Games | Laptop Accessories | Desktop Accessories | Home Ink &amp; Toner | Business Ink &amp; Toner Cloud Computing | EMR | HPC | Virtualization | Thin Client | Business Intelligence | Information Security © 2012 Dell | About Dell | Legal &amp; Regulatory Compliance | Privacy Statement | Ads and Emails | Regulatory Compliance | Site Terms of Use | Terms &amp; Conditions | Unresolved Issues | Dell Recycling | Contact | Video Sitemap | Site Map | Feedback AT | AU | BE | BR | CA | CH | CL | CN | CO | DE | DK | ES | FR | HK | IE | IN | IT | JP | KR | MX | MY | NL | NO | PR | RU | SE | SG | UK | ALL Large Text snWW24
