 Español My Account Order Status Customer Service Skip Navigation Store Locator Weekly Deals Credit Cards Reward Zone Cart 0 Items Go Welcome.
Please create an account or Sign in.
Products TV &amp; Home Theater TVs Smart TVs &amp; Devices Projectors &amp; Screens Blu-ray &amp; DVD Players Home Theater Systems TV &amp; Internet Service Providers TV Stands, Mounts &amp; Storage TV &amp; Home Theater Services Accessories Resources TV Finder HDTV Basics Blu-ray Basics TV Mount Finder Home Theater Learning Center Magnolia Home Theater Clearance &amp; More Best Buy For Business Audio &amp; MP3 iPod &amp; MP3 Players Home Audio Speakers Home Theater Systems Headphones Boomboxes, CD Players &amp; Radios Satellite Radio Car Audio Marine Audio Musical Instruments Audio Stands &amp; Storage TV &amp; Home Theater Services Accessories Resources Speaker Finder Receiver Finder Home Theater System Finder Home Theater Learning Center Batteries &amp; Power Magnolia Home Theater iPod &amp; MP3 Learning Center Audio &amp; MP3 Services Mobile Phones &amp; iPhones Verizon Wireless Sprint AT&amp;T T-Mobile No-Contract Phones Unlocked Phones Mobile Broadband App Discovery Center Accessories Resources Mobile Phone Upgrade Checker Mobile Phone Learning Center Mobile Phone Trade-in Plus Cameras &amp; Camcorders Digital Cameras Compact System Cameras Digital SLR Cameras Film Cameras &amp; Accessories Camera Lenses Camcorders Memory Cards Photo Printers Digital Photo Frames Webcams Binoculars &amp; Optics Accessories Resources Online Photo &amp; Video Services Memory Finder Batteries &amp; Power Best Buy For Business DSLR Learning Center Camcorder Learning Center Camera &amp; Camcorder Services Computers &amp; Tablets Laptops &amp; Netbooks Tablets &amp; iPad E-Readers Desktops &amp; All-in-One Computers Monitors Projectors &amp; Screens Networking Wireless Internet Hard Drives USB Flash Drives Computer Memory Computer Cards &amp; Components Software &amp; Apps Printers Ink &amp; Toner Mice &amp; Keyboards Accessories Resources Computer Learning Center Tablet &amp; iPad Learning Center Tablet &amp; E-Reader Setup Videos E-Reader Learning Center Batteries &amp; Power Memory Finder Best Buy For Business Geek Squad Car, Marine &amp; GPS GPS Navigation Car Audio Satellite Radio iPod &amp; MP3 Car Connectors Car DVD Players &amp; Video Car Security, Remote Start &amp; OnStar Radar Detectors Marine Electronics Car Installation Parts Car &amp; GPS Installation Services Accessories Resources Car Fit Guide GPS Learning Center Car Electronics Learning Center Car &amp; GPS Installation Services Office Printers Scanners Fax Machines/Copiers Printer Ink &amp; Toner Office &amp; School Supplies Telephones &amp; Communication Office Electronics Office Furniture Projectors &amp; Screens Office &amp; Business Software Resources Best Buy For Business Health, Fitness &amp; Sports Health &amp; Wellness Technology Exercise Equipment Strength &amp; Weight Training Yoga, Pilates &amp; Core Training Portable Fitness Electronics Sports &amp; Outdoor Recreation Accessories Resources Health &amp; Fitness Learning Center Movies &amp; Music Movies &amp; TV Shows Digital Movies Music iTunes Gift Cards Musical Instruments Books Musical Instruments Guitars Folk Instruments Amps &amp; Effects Keyboards Drums &amp; Percussion Recording Equipment DJ &amp; Lighting Equipment Live Sound &amp; Microphones Karaoke Accessories Music Lessons Video Games Xbox 360 PlayStation 3 PS Vita Wii U Wii Nintendo 3DS Nintendo DS Classic Video Game Systems PC Gaming Game Downloads Electronic Games &amp; Learning Video Game Trade-In Pre-Owned &amp; Refurbished Reward Zone Gamers Club Accessories Resources Family Gaming Resources Gaming Setup &amp; Services Home Furniture Outdoor Living Home Security &amp; Safety Tools Home Energy Technology Toys &amp; Games Cartoon &amp; Popular Characters Luggage, Bags &amp; Travel Sports Fan Shop Resources Home Energy Learning Center Appliances Washers &amp; Dryers Refrigerators Freezers &amp; Ice Makers Ranges &amp; Ovens Microwaves Dishwashers Compactors &amp; Disposals Small Appliances Blenders &amp; Juicers Coffee Makers &amp; Espresso Vacuum Cleaners Air Conditioners, Fans &amp; Heaters Air Purifiers &amp; Dehumidifiers Garment Care Personal Care &amp; Beauty Accessories Resources Appliance Rebate Finder Appliance Repair &amp; Scheduling Appliance Parts Appliance Delivery/Specialty Install Energy Star Guide Appliance Learning Center Services Geek Squad Tech Support Geek Squad Services Computer Setup &amp; Services TV &amp; Home Theater Services Car &amp; GPS Installation Services Gaming Setup &amp; Services iPod &amp; MP3 Player Services Camera &amp; Camcorder Services Marine Installation Services Appliance Delivery/Specialty Install Appliance Repair &amp; Scheduling Product Protection Plans Track Your Repair Recycle Your Old Products Trade-In Center Find Replacement Parts Customer Service Shops &amp; Deals Deals Deal of the Day Deals Near Me Clearance &amp; More Featured Offers Specialty Shops Best Buy For Business Marketplace Best Buy Kitchen Shop Batteries &amp; Power Magnolia Home Theater CinemaNow App Discovery Center Appcessories™ PC App Sports Fan Shop Cartoon &amp; Popular Character Products Name Brands Gifts Wish Lists Gift Cards Pitch In™ Card Gift Center For Him For Her For Teens For Kids 2-DAY SALE Enjoy cooler days with hot deals and special offers.
Shop now › Sunday–Monday.
Best Buy &gt; Best Buy Privacy Hub Thank you for inquiring about the Best Buy Privacy Policy The Best Buy Privacy Hub is a resource for our customers.
You can view our Privacy Policy and learn more about our privacy practices and how you can control your personal information.
Plus, you'll find links to third parties that provide information on how to protect your identity online.
Privacy Policy We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share and protect your information.
This Privacy Policy tells you: What information we collect How we use that information How we may share that information How we protect your information Your choices regarding your personal information This Policy applies to BestBuy.
com, Best Buy stores and other locations under the Best Buy name.
This Policy may not apply to other Best Buy brands such as Future Shop (FutureShop.
ca), Best Buy Canada (BestBuyCanada.
ca), Magnolia Audio Video (Magnoliaav.
com), Geek Squad (GeekSquad.
com), Pacific Sales (PacificSales.
com), Speakeasy, (Speakeasy.
net), Audio Visions (Avisions.
com), Best Buy China (BestBuy.
com.
cn), Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co.
(Five-Star.
cn) among others, each of which may have their own privacy policies.
We may post additional information if more details are needed to explain our privacy practices.
Information We Collect Information You Give Us We receive and may store any information you enter on our websites or give to us in our stores.
For example, we collect information from you when you place an order, create an account, call us with a question, create a Wish List, write a review, or use any of our services.
The information we collect from you includes things like: Your name Your mailing address Your e-mail address Your phone number Your credit card number and other payment information Your driver's license number Credit application information, such as your Social Security Number Demographic and lifestyle information, such as age, personal interests and product preferences It may also include information you give us about other people, such as the name and address of a gift recipient, or the name and contact info of a Friends &amp; Family Pickup person.
Information From Other Sources We may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties that help us update, expand and analyze our records and identify new customers.
Automatic Information Like many other websites, we also collect information through cookies and other automated means.
Cookies are commonly used by websites to save data on your computer.
The information we collect from cookies may include your IP address, browser and device characteristics, referring URLs, and a record of your interactions with our websites.
We use cookies to create a more personalized shopping experience on our websites.
One type of cookie may allow us to identify you as a particular Best Buy retail store customer when you visit our websites and to link your activities on our websites to your interactions with us in our stores.
In combination with other information we collect, this cookie may facilitate the tailoring of advertisements and offers to you, sometimes in connection with interest-based advertising.
To help us understand and enhance our interactions with visitors to our websites, we may permit web analytics providers to collect information on our websites using automated tools like cookies or web beacons.
We also may share personal information with those providers.
We may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers.
Interest-based advertising is covered in more detail below.
Public Forums Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
How We Use the Information We Collect We use the information we collect for things like: Fulfilling orders and requests for products, services or information Processing returns, exchanges and layaway requests Tracking and confirming online orders Delivering or installing products Managing our Reward Zone program Marketing and advertising products and services Conducting research and analysis Establishing and managing your accounts with us Communicating things like special events, sweepstakes, promotions and surveys Processing Best Buy credit card or Reward Zone MasterCard applications Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you (both on our websites and on other websites) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online Facilitating interactions with Best Buy and others, such as enabling you to email a link to a friend Operating, evaluating and improving our business Data Retention We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
How We Share the Information We Collect Best Buy does not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties.
Best Buy Co.
, Inc.
is the parent company of the Best Buy Companies ("Best Buy"), and as such, if you provide information to any of the businesses, stores or Web sites owned or operated by Best Buy, this information may be combined or shared among current or future Best Buy Co.
, Inc.
entities, including affiliates and subsidiaries.
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as: Fulfilling orders Delivering packages Scheduling and performing installations Servicing products Maintaining our Reward Zone program Sending Best Buy marketing communications Fulfilling subscription services Conducting research and analysis Applying for credit cards &amp; processing credit card payments Providing chat functions Sometimes we may be required to share personal information in response to a regulation, court order or subpoena.
We may also share information when we believe it's necessary to comply with the law.
We also may share information to respond to a government request or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Best Buy, our customers, or others; to prevent harm or loss; or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event.
We may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business such as private label credit cards.
We also may share personal information in connection with co-branded product or service offerings.
For example, when you apply for a Best Buy credit card, we may share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card.
How We Protect the Information We Collect Whether you are shopping online or in our stores, we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it.
Best Buy cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us.
The Best Buy Web site uses encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport.
SSL protects information you submit via our Web site such as ordering information including your name, address and credit card number.
Information you provide to us via our in-store kiosk does not traverse the public Internet.
Your Choices Regarding the Information We Collect You may choose to: Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails, direct mail, phone and mobile marketing communications Update and correct your personal information Cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services Request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum To do any of these, let us know by one of these methods: Follow the directions in a marketing e-mail or direct mail or mobile communication that you receive from us.
Call 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289) with your request and current contact information.
Send an e-mail with your request and current contact information to PrivacyManager@bestbuy.
com Send a letter with your request and current contact information to: Best Buy Corporate Campus Attn: Customer Care/Privacy 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield, MN 55423-3645 Interest-Based Advertising We use third-party advertising companies to display ads when you visit our websites or other sites on the Internet.
These companies may collect information about your visits to this and other websites.
We may also share personal information with these companies.
 In either case, the purpose is to provide ads about products and services that may be of interest to you.
    To learn more about interest-based advertising and your privacy, including how to opt out of such advertising, visit our partner websites.
Protecting Children's Privacy We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Links to Other Websites Our websites link to other websites, many of which have their own privacy policies.
Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you're visiting.
Privacy Policy Updates We may need to update our Privacy Policy as Best Buy and our customers grow and evolve.
If we make significant changes to the Privacy Policy, we'll post a prominent message on our website(s).
U.
S.
-EU Safe Harbor Framework Best Buy complies with the U.
S.
-E.
U.
Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data from the European Union.
Information regarding the E.
U.
Safe Harbor Framework can be found at: http://export.
gov/safeharbor.
Best Buy has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information.
The TRUSTe privacy program applies only to information that is collected through this website.
As part of our participation in the Safe Harbor Framework, Best Buy uses TRUSTe to resolve disputes relating to our compliance with the Framework.
If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor you should first contact Best Buy as provided below.
If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by clicking here.
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.
Have Questions? If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, we'll do our best to answer them.
Here's how to contact us: Phone: 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289) E-mail: PrivacyManager@bestbuy.
com Address: Best Buy Corporate Campus Attn: Customer Care/Privacy 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield, MN 55423-3645 Last Updated: 5.
23.
2012 Protecting Your Privacy Best Buy cares about your privacy and we want to ensure you have the information you need to protect your personal information.
Read about how to spot and avoid online scams and access links for additional fraud-prevention resources.
Learn how to protect your online accounts › Learn about phishing, smishing and gift card scams › Privacy Information Privacy Policy Highlights Privacy FAQs Have questions about privacy? Check out Frequently Asked Questions for answers.
Contact Us Please contact us with questions.
Phone: 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289) E-mail: PrivacyManager@bestbuy.
com Address: Best Buy Corporate Campus Attn: Customer Care/Privacy 7601 Penn Avenue South Richfield, MN 55423-3645 Resources TRUSTe Validation The TRUSTe seal indicates that BestBuy.
com complies with the world's largest privacy seal program, certifying more than 3,500 websites.
FTC Identity Theft This website is a one-stop national resource to understand how to avoid identity theft—and learn what to do if your identity is stolen.
Privacy Rights Clearing House This organization aims to empower consumers on protecting privacy.
Learn how to deal with and reduce the risk of identity theft.
Best Buy Brands Best Buy has multiple brands and is located in several countries around the world.
Many of these locations have separate privacy policies due to local and federal privacy regulations.
The following links provide access to these privacy policies.
• Best Buy for Business (BBfB) • BBY Canada • The Carphone Warehouse • Cowboom • Future Shop • Geek Squad • Magnolia Home Theater • PartStore • TechLiquidators Get a Card Save Money with exclusive financing offers and earn Reward Zone points.
Credit Cards Apply Now Apply Now Make a Payment Reward Zone® Program Learn More Check Your Points Product Support Installation &amp; Delivery Warranties &amp; PSPs Check Gift Card Balance Product Recalls Trade-in Center Recycling PartStore Marketplace Orders Order Support Order Status Shipping &amp; Store Pickup International Orders Store Pickup Returns &amp; Refunds Customer Service Price Match Guarantee Legal Conditions of Use Legal Notices Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights California Supply Chain Transparency Act Partnerships Developers Affiliate Program Reward Zone Partners Advertise with Best Buy Corporate Info About Best Buy News – The BBY Careers For Our Investors Sustainability Community Relations Contact Us Site Map More Best Buy Sites Get Connected Ask Twelpforce Join Us on Facebook Share Your Ideas Community Forums Best Buy Phone &amp; Tablet More Ways to Connect › TRUSTe EU Safe Harbor TRUSTe Certified Privacy Cybertrust Secured Need help? We're available 24/7 at 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289) Online prices and selection generally match our retail stores, but may vary.
Prices and offers are subject to change.
© 2003-2012 BBY Solutions, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Best Buy, the Best Buy logo, the tag design and BestBuy.
com are trademarks of BBY Solutions, Inc.
For personal, noncommercial use only.
