 HOME ABOUT US PRESS ADVERTISING ABOUT ASMALLWORLD MEMBERSHIP PRIVACY POLICY » JOBS ASMALLMAGAZINE ASW EVENTS SUPPORT TERMS OF USE CONTACT US Privacy Policy As ASMALLWORLD is a community that is all about trust we feel it is important to share our privacy policy with you.
If you have any questions about this policy we can be reached by email at .
Or alternatively you can contact us at: Privacy Policy Issues c/o ASMALLWORLD 675 Hudson St.
3N New York, NY 10014 Information We Collect When you become a member of ASMALLWORLD we will collect some personal information from you such as: name, email address, country, location, occupation, schools attended etc.
How We Collect Some of the information we receive is through the registration process.
When you agree to become an ASW member we ask you to provide this personal information.
Additionally, we use cookies and other technologies to recognize you and uniquely identify your browser.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
We also automatically receive such information as IP address, your type of browser and ISP.
Why We Collect This information allows us to customize your experience and the advertisements you see, to store your preferences and record session information.
The information we collect is used for internal review to improve the content of our Website, to conduct research and analysis to help improve your experience, to ensure the technical functionality of our network, and to create and develop new ideas and services for our members.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail to this address: .
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by emailing us at Please provide us with your exact name and address if you write to us.
We will be sure your name is removed.
From time to time, we may use personal information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
In such event, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
We reserve the right to revise or update this policy at any time.
We may disclose and use personally identifiable and other information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our terms and conditions, policies and agreements, to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, and to protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of ASW.
We may also disclose and use personally identifiable and other information when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so.
This policy became effective February 6, 2009.
About Us Press Advertising Mobile Website Copyright © ASMALLWORLD Holdings Inc.
All rights reserved.
