 iMuse Personalization Studio Gift Reminders Store Locator Occasions Boss's Day Sweetest Day Christmas Wedding Anniversary Religious Gifts New Baby/Baby Shower Birthday for Him Birthday for Her Housewarming New Job Performance Recognition Service &amp; Retirement Memorial &amp; Sympathy Gift Categories Women's Jewelry Women's Gifts &amp; Accessories Men's Jewelry Men's Accessories Men's Collections Baby Gifts Children's Gifts Wedding Gifts Religious Gifts Water Globes Ornaments Holiday Decor Home &amp; Vases Drinkware Frames &amp; Albums Photo Gifts Clocks Sports Gifts Blankets &amp; Pillows Exclusive Online Gifts Awards &amp; Plaques Padfolios &amp; Journals Pens and Pencils Executive Gifts Tech Gifts &amp; Gadgets Paperweights &amp; Bookmarks Stationery New Arrivals Top 10 Gifts Recipient Him Her Husband Wife The Couple Bridesmaid Groomsmen Mom Dad The Parents Family Babies &amp; Children Grandma Grandpa Grandparents The Hostess Service Member The Boss Business Associate The Graduate Teacher Coach Him | Her Wedding Wedding Gifts Bridesmaid Groomsmen Wedding Day Essentials Wedding Collections Toasting Flutes &amp; Cake Servers Guest Books &amp; Pen Stands Unity Sets Wedding Frames &amp; Albums Wedding Throws Wedding Photo to Canvas Art Wedding Clocks Religious &amp; Inspirational Gifts Bridal Jewelry The Couple Bride Groom The Parents Grandparents Flower Girl Ring Bearer Top 10 Wedding Gifts Top 10 Bridesmaid Gifts Top 10 Groomsmen Gifts Business Awards &amp; Plaques Padfolios &amp; Journals Business Clocks Pens and Pencils Wrist Watches Recognition Globes Executive Gifts Paperweights &amp; Bookmarks Desk sets Business Totes 3D Photo Crystals Business Frames &amp; Albums Card cases Coffee Mugs &amp; Travel Mugs Stamps &amp; Stationery Pocket Watches &amp; Wrist Watches Recognition Key Chains Barware &amp; Accessories Recognition Clocks Tech Gifts &amp; Gadgets Military Gifts Engraving Plates &amp; Name Badges Business Gifts For Him Business Gifts For Her Top 10 Business Gifts for Her Top 10 Business Gifts for Him Top 10 Business Gifts Top 10 Retirement Gifts Sale Women's Jewelry Sale Sterling Silver Jewelry Sale Women's Necklace Sale Women's Bracelet Sale Women's Gifts &amp; Accessories Sale Men's Accessories Sale Frames &amp; Albums Sale Photo to Canvas Art Sale Pens &amp; Pencils Sale Office Gifts Sale Drinkware Sale Special Offer Flasks Home Gifts Sale Water Globes Sale Wedding Gifts Sale Embroidered Gifts Sale Ornaments on Sale View All Sale Clearance Sale Special Offers Free Keepsake Box Exclusively Online Gifts Free Shipping {"dragByHandle":true,"cssSelector":"ql-thumbnail","dragByBody":false,"widgetClass":"OverlayWidget","bindings":{"bind0":{"element":".
ql-thumbnail .
Quicklook .
trigger","type":"quicklookselected","fn":"function(){$.
fnProxy(arguments,\'#headerOverlay\',OverlayWidget.
show,\'OverlayWidget.
show\');}"}},"effectOnHide":"slide","effectOnShowOptions":"{}","closeOnBackgroundClick":true,"effectOnHideOptions":"{}","effectOnShowSpeed":"1200","onScreenPadding":10,"allowOffScreenOverlay":false,"effectOnHideSpeed":"1200","effectOnShow":"slide","captureClicks":true} Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions How to Order Shipping Costs/Schedules Personalization Information Shopping Services About Things Remembered Employment Opportunities Print This Page Customer Service &gt; Privacy &amp; Security Privacy Policy At Things Remembered your trust and satisfaction is of the utmost importance.
We are committed to respecting the privacy and the security of your personal information and have instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner.
This Policy was last revised on May 18, 2010.
Mailing Lists Security of Your Information Updating Your Information How We Use Your Email Address Email Unsubscribe Cookies Mailing Lists From time to time, we make our mailing list (including names and addresses only) and general shopping activities available to carefully selected companies whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you and whose privacy practices meet the Direct Marketing Association's privacy standards.
We do not share email addresses for this purpose.
If you do not wish to receive mailings from these carefully selected companies, simply call Customer Service at 866.
902.
4438.
Back to top Security of Your Information Rest assured that we utilize the latest encryption technology to ensure the safety of your personal information at Things Remembered.
Your ordering information (name, address, credit card, etc.
) is encrypted during the ordering process &amp; transmission, using our secure server to provide the highest level of security possible.
In addition, once received, your credit card data is stored on a server that cannot be accessed via the Internet.
We further protect your information using the following methods: Password protection: When you create an account with us, your password creates another level of security for your personal information.
Your password is your secret code into your account.
Make your password a combination of at least 6 (no more than 10) characters/numbers that are not easily guessed (don't make your password your last name, for example).
Site protection: Our entire site is protected behind an advanced firewall (think of it as a cyber fortress), which prevents unauthorized persons from accessing your information.
Back to top Updating Your Information Creating a thingsremembered.
com account allows you to take advantage of the unique services that thingsremembered.
com offers, including email newsletters with exclusive offers, the ability to view your order history and track your orders, and the ability to keep a convenient address book for faster checkout.
We pledge to keep your confidential information confidential.
To protect your privacy, we will need to validate your identity before you update or review your information.
Back to top How We Use Your Email Address We are proud to be 100% compliant with the 2004 Can SPAM act, meaning that we do not send unsolicited email to our customers.
It is our intent to send promotional emails only to those persons who wish to receive them.
We do not sell or rent your email information to outside parties.
At Things Remembered, your email address is used in the following ways: Order and Shipment Confirmation Emails: When you place an order, we will send you an email that indicates that we have received your order (order confirmation) and a later email that indicates that your order has been shipped (shipment confirmation).
Email Newsletters and Promotions: When you provide your email address to us at thingsremembered.
com, you will be asked if you want to receive special offers from us via email.
If you indicate that you do not want to receive email offers from us, rest assured that you will not receive information from us.
Back to top Email Unsubscribe If you have provided your email address to us and have elected to receive special offers and promotions via email, but would like to discontinue receiving these special offers and promotions, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of a Things Remembered email and follow the unsubscribe instructions.
You may also call 866.
902.
4438 for assistance.
Please note that when you make a purchase and provide us with your email address, we may send you confirmation of your order via email even if you have chosen not to receive email from us about special offers and promotions.
We may also contact you by mail or telephone if we have questions about your order.
Back to top Cookies Thingsremembered.
com uses your browser's "cookie" feature.
A cookie is a small piece of text stored on a computer by a web browser.
As text, cookies are not executable and therefore cannot replicate themselves and are not viruses.
Cookies are used to ensure that items remain in your Shopping Bag while you continue shopping and to keep track of site preferences like your display name, home store and other session information.
We do not use cookies to store personal information such as your credit card number.
Cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our most valuable services.
In accordance with our Privacy Policy, the information contained in your thingsremembered.
com cookie is confidential, never shared, and is solely used to enhance your shopping experience while on our website.
Please note that certain pages of the Site may not function properly if cookies are turned off.
Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information about how to turn cookies on and off within your browser.
We may use third party companies to assist us in understanding shoppers use of the site.
To accomplish this, these companies may place cookies on your computer to receive information about your browsing and buying activity on the site, and help us to provide you with a better, more personalized shopping experience.
We prohibit these companies from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Things Remembered.
Back to top Become a fan of Things Remembered Follow us at TRemembered Need Help? Customer Service FAQ How to Order Shipping Options Order Status Contact Us Gift Services Personalization Options iMuse Gift Wrap Business Gifting &amp; Services Rewards Club Gift Reminders Good Things Company Information About Us Store Locator Satisfaction Guarantee Privacy &amp; Security Employment Opportunities Press Room Email Signup Get $5 off your next purchase! Simply sign up now for our exclusive gift offers.
Site Map © Things Remembered 2012.
All rights reserved.
