 Join Log In Community Toolbar Mobile Wibiya Log Out Contact Us Conduit Community Toolbar Mobile Wibiya Products Our Products Community Toolbar Mobile Wibiya Case Studies News &amp; Events Media Coverage Press Releases Events Awards Press Kit Company About Us Engaging People Timeline Leadership Our Publishers Careers Locations Contact Us Blog Home › Privacy › Website Privacy GUIDELINES&amp; POLICIES Overview Website Privacy Powered Apps Privacy Content Policy Mobile Privacy Children's Privacy Website Privacy Policy The Conduit Website Privacy Policy has been updated on June 17, 2012.
By accessing and using the Conduit technology and the Conduit website following such update, you indicate that you have read and agree to the updated terms and conditions of the Conduit Website Privacy Policy.
This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") for conduit.
com and/or other web sites owned and operated by Conduit Ltd.
("Website") that applies to your use of the Website and covers how Conduit Ltd.
("Conduit" "we," "us," or "our") treats information that it collects and receives about you via the Website, including the personal information we collect through the Website regarding the various features, programs, services, and software that Conduit provides to you.
Some of these offerings are provided by third parties who may provide you with additional information and choices about your privacy.
These offerings are subject to the privacy policies of such third parties.
By using the Website, you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information Conduit does not require Website users or visitors to provide Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") to view the content in the Website or to browse the different sections of the Website.
PII is information that identifies an individual including full name, postal address, photograph, e-mail address and/or telephone number.
Conduit may collect PII from Website users or visitors who choose to use the Conduit on-line proprietary platform ("Conduit Platform") or other programs, features or services offered by Conduit ("Services").
Any information Conduit collects is collected for the primary purpose of enabling Conduit to provide and enhance the Services offered to our users.
You may correct or update certain PII by logging in to your account with Conduit and making the change on your personal information page.
If you no longer desire our Services or wish to delete or deactivate your account, you can contact us at support@conduit.
com.
Certain areas of the Website as well as third party websites linked to or accessible from this Website may have different privacy policies and practices.
These third parties, and not Conduit, are responsible for the privacy practices of non-Conduit websites, or channels or areas of the Website that are operated by third parties, including but not limited to applications and/or features provided by third parties.
We, our service providers, advertisers and partners may collect various types of non-PII when you visit the Website.
Examples of non-PII that may be collected from visitors include: Internet protocol address, the type of browser (e.
g.
, Firefox, Internet Explorer), type of operating system, (e.
g.
, Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), domain name of Internet service provider (e.
g.
, Comcast, Verizon or AT&amp;T), Web pages visited, Websites visited before and after visiting the Website, type of handheld or mobile device used to view the Website (e.
g.
, iPhone, Blackberry), location information, content accessed and advertisements shown and/or clicked.
We may use third parties to conduct web analytics and similar services with respect to an individual's interaction with our Website.
We may use third party service providers to deliver ads on our Website.
These service providers may use cookies (as defined below) or other tracking technologies to identify your activity on our Website and on third party websites.
Tracking data collected by these service providers is used to decide which ads you see both on our Website and on other third party websites.
However, this tracking information does not identify you personally and is not combined with personally identifiable information.
One of the ad service providers is Pricegong.
Their privacy policy can be found at www.
pricegong.
com.
In addition to this Website Privacy Policy Conduit maintains additional legal and privacy policies for the Conduit powered software and applications.
Such policies are available at http://www.
conduit.
com/privacy/Default.
aspx.
Registration In order to create and maintain apps using the Conduit Platform or use other services or programs offered by Conduit, you must complete a registration form.
During this registration you will be asked to provide a user name, a password, a valid email address and additional information as may be required as part of the specific service or program which you register to, all of which are used to validate your registration and maintain your account with Conduit.
You also may provide us with additional information (such as company name, title etc.
) so we can provide you with a more customized experience on the Website and offer you better support.
From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys or special promotional or other programs on the Website.
If you choose to participate, we may request certain PII from you.
Participation in such contests or surveys or programs is voluntary and you have a choice whether to provide this information.
The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code), and, in the case of a special program involving a form of payment, payment details.
We use this information to notify participants, to monitor Website traffic, customize the Website or send participants email updates.
When you send email or other communications to Conduit, we may retain these communications to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
Choice/Opt–out You have the option to choose to receive occasional email updates from Conduit.
Such updates can include a newsletter or other notifications in relation with the Website or the Conduit Platform.
We provide you with the opportunity to 'opt–out' of having your PII used for such purposes when we ask for this information.
For example, if you do not wish to receive any additional marketing materials from us, you can indicate your preference on our registration form.
If you no longer wish to receive our email updates, you may opt–out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each update or by emailing us at: support@conduit.
com.
Mobile/Social Network services Conduit may offer to end users of conduit powered applications, additional features and services that provide access to mobile and social networks.
The privacy policies that apply to such features and services can be found at: http://www.
conduit.
com/privacy/ConduitPrivacy.
aspx and http://www.
conduit.
com/privacy/ConduitMobilePrivacy.
aspx You can sign in to your social network website through the Website.
When you elect to sign in, you will be asked to grant us access to certain information from your social network profile.
This information may include friends or contacts lists, notes, updates and photos, and may be used by Conduit to help you customize your Website experience, suggest new features and content that may be relevant to you or provide Conduit with data for statistical purposes.
If you elect to permit Conduit to access this information, Conduit may be able to see and use this information and such action may change your preexisting privacy settings, however Conduit does not have control over the privacy settings of your social network provider.
Please see your social network provider policies for any questions or concerns regarding such policies.
Conduit does not sell or rent any Personal Identifiable Information it compiles through Social Networks to any third parties.
Conduit may provide non-identifiable, general statistical and demographic information derived from information from your Social Network to its Publishers from time to time.
You may limit Conduit access to your social network account(s) at any time by changing your social network settings.
"Tell–A–Friend" Users of toolbars or apps created using the Conduit Platform may voluntarily choose to activate a "Tell–A–Friend" feature from within their toolbar or app.
Upon such activation, the toolbar or app user may be referred to a designated page hosted on the Website allowing the user to send an email notification to a friend or to any other entity of their choice.
If you choose to use our service to tell a friend about the Website, a toolbar or an app, we may ask you for your friend's name and email address.
We may automatically send your friend a one–time email inviting them to visit the Website.
Conduit uses this information for the sole purpose of sending and tracking the delivery of this one–time email.
Conduit erases all third party email address provided using the "Tell–A–Friend" feature from its servers at least once a month.
Your friend may contact us at support@conduit.
com to request that we remove information from our database.
Sharing Personally Identifiable Information with Third Parties Conduit may use third-party tools or services to provide you with certain services or programs.
A list of third party companies may be obtained by sending us an e-mail request to support@conduit.
com.
The privacy practices of third parties are governed by the policies of the third party.
Conduit may make third party applications or tools available for download by you from or through the Website.
The privacy policies of the third party provider(s) of such applications will apply to your use of such applications.
Conduit may use third party service providers for the purpose of distributing emails to its registered users and/or toolbar/apps publishers or for providing Conduit with operational services or data and server maintenance/optimization services.
We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Conduit may use a third party service provider to, manage and operate a discussion board or other open forum within the Website for general matters of interest or special program.
The use of any "public" area or feature of the Website is subject to the "public" area or feature Terms of Use.
Users of the "public" area or feature may choose to place PII on messages they post.
If you use a "public" area or feature on this Website, you expressly acknowledge and agree that any PII you submit there may be read, collected, or used by other users of these "public" areas or features, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.
We are not responsible for the PII you choose to submit in these "public" areas or features.
Conduit may disclose PII to any of its subsidiaries.
We require that our subsidiaries agree to process such information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
Conduit may engage in business relations with third party companies and offer unique services to clients of such companies within a private label environment.
For such purposes, some pages of the Website may be branded with both the Conduit brand and the third party brand.
The third party may not use the private label environment to collect any PII.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the pages in the private label environment.
Conduit uses the Crazyegg service to help it understand how people use the Website.
To understand Crazyegg's practices go to the Crazyegg privacy policy at: http://www.
crazyegg.
com/privacy.
Crazyegg, and not Conduit, is responsible for the Crazyegg privacy policy and any choices set forth in that policy.
If you entered the Website by clicking an affiliated link or promotion on another Website, or if you used a site that provides universal registration services to sign up for Conduit services, we will store the ID of that affiliate site in our database along with your computer's User ID.
We do this to ensure that the affiliate site receives proper credit for any subsequent toolbar or app you may build using our platform.
Conduit reserves the right to disclose your PII as required by law and/or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website.
Use of Cookies and Server Logs Cookies (which may be html files, Flash files or other technology) are text files that help store user preferences and activity.
"Web beacons" (also known as image tags, gif or web bugs) are small pieces of code used to collect advertising and other data, such as counting page views, promotion views or advertising responses.
The Website and/or other third parties may use "cookies", "web beacons" and other similar information gathering technologies (collectively, "Information Gathering Technologies") to collect non PII automatically as you access and browse the Website.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Conduit only and does not cover the use of cookies by any other third party.
Conduit uses both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.
Conduit uses session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate the Website.
A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.
A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time.
You may remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file.
We set a persistent cookie for such uses as to store your toolbar or app name and/or user name so you don't have to enter it more than once.
Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on the Website.
If you reject cookies, you may still use the Website, but your ability to use some areas of the Website may be limited.
By visiting the Website, whether as a registered user or otherwise, you acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you are giving us your consent to gather information about your use of the Website through these Information Gathering Technologies.
Server logs capture certain non–PII, such as the time and date of a web visit, the browser and operating system being used, the IP address or domain name of the user's ISP, and the web URL a user linked from.
This information is generally but not exclusively used to help plan system enhancements when necessary and to provide content which is compatible with our visitors' web browsing systems.
Promotion of Conduit Platform All toolbars or apps that were generated by using the Conduit Platform are publicly available for download from the Website and may be used free of charge.
For promotional purposes, Conduit may occasionally post testimonials or case studies in different sections of the Website.
Such posts may include PII of registered users or toolbar/apps publishers as provided and approved for this public use by these registered users or toolbar/apps publishers.
For purposes of promotion and community peer review, Conduit may also display toolbars/apps created by registered users or toolbar/apps publishers in a gallery section within the Website.
Security The security of your personal information is important to us, and we take steps to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on the Website, you can contact us at privacy@conduit.
com.
Changes to this Privacy Statement From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
TRUSTe Privacy Program Conduit is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program.
TRUSTe is an independent, non–profit organization whose mission is to build user's trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices.
This Privacy Policy covers the Website.
Because this Website wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should first contact support@conduit.
com.
If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at: http://www.
truste.
org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.
php.
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.
The TRUSTe program only covers information that is collected through this Website, and does not cover information that may be collected through any software downloaded from this Website.
Corporate Change In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be among the assets transferred.
Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email to privacy@conduit.
com or write to us at: Conduit Attn: Legal Department, Privacy Policy Issues 950 Tower Lane, Suite 1788, Foster City, CA 94404 [Last updated: June 17, 2012] Privacy Legal Contact Us Site Map Copyright © 2012 Conduit Ltd.
All rights reserved.
Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ YouTube 1972 FIRST EMAIL SENT 1800s SIGNAL LAMP INVENTED 1838 ELECTRICAL TELEGRAPH INVENTED 1911 IBM IS FOUNDED 1927 WORLD'S FIRST TV 2400 BC EARLIEST DOCUMENTED MAIL SERVICE 1965 FIRST WIDE AREA NETWORK 1983 FIRST COMMERCIAL MOBILE PHONE SOLD 1990s 2G DIGITAL NETWORKS EMERGE 1998 FIRST DOWNLOADABLE MOBILE RINGTONE 1998 FIRST ONLINE BLOGGING COMMUNITY 2011 CONDUIT ACQUIRES WIBIYA 2.
1 BILLION INTERNET USERS TODAY 2008 MOBILE WEB GOES MAINSTREAM 1895 FIRST RADIO SIGNAL 1.
08 BILLION SMARTPHONES IN USE 109 NEW CONDUIT EMPLOYEES IN 2011 1973 FIRST ANALOG MOBILE PHONE 54,000 COFFEE CAPSULES CONSUMED AT CONDUIT IN 2011 400 BC FIRST PIGEON POST 29 BIRTHS AT CONDUIT IN 2011 1990 FIRST INTERNET BROWSER 40,041 SQ FT OF CONDUIT OFFICE SPACE IN 2011 1997 BIRTH OF SOCIAL NETWORKING 14 CONDUIT WEDDINGS IN 2011 2005 CONDUIT PRESENTS ITS POWERFUL CLOUD-BASED PLATFORM 250 MILLION CONDUIT USERS 260,000 CONDUIT PUBLISHERS 2.
49 BILLION MONTHLY ENGAGEMENTS WITH CONDUIT PRODUCTS 1876 FIRST TELEPHONE 2009 1st CONDUIT PATENT REGISTERED close     function setCookie(){ var resCval =""; if (resCval != "" || resCval != "0") document.
cookie = "responsiveCookie=" + resCval; } function getCookie(c_name) { var i,x,y,ARRcookies=document.
cookie.
split(";"); for (i=0;i"); } else if (responsecss == "2") { $("head").
append(""); } } $(document).
ready(function() { checkCookie(); }); 
