   Sign In MY PETCO My Account Order Status Quick Reorder Repeat Delivery Pals Rewards My Shopping List Find a Petco Store WANT TO PLACE AN ORDER? 877-738-6742 Sign up for Email Petco Coupons QUICK REORDER VIEW CART (0) Close Petco Anniversary Sale Promotion Details Discount is reflected in sale prices and will automatically be applied at Checkout.
No promotion code necessary.
Sale prices valid through October 4, 2012.
Discount on food, litter, and flea &amp; tick control is up to 10% Sitewide.
Excludes products with Manufacturer Minimum Advertised Price and Live Reptile Food.
Free Super Saver Shipping on $49.
Exclusions apply.
No promotion code necessary.
Free Super Saver Shipping Promotion Details EXCLUSIONS: Cat litter, dog litter, wild bird food, live fish &amp; rock, aquatic gravel and accents; crickets and live food; products with Manufacturer Minimum Advertised Price; out-of-stock items, Donations, Gift Certificates and Gift Cards; items shipped through white glove delivery or LTL delivery; orders exceeding the maximum weight limit of 300 lbs.
; and applicable taxes.
Litter, wild bird food, and oversized items may incur an additional per-item shipping &amp; handling fee or surcharge.
Additional exclusions may apply and will be noted on the Product Detail page and/or Shopping Cart.
Free Super Saver Shipping automatically applies to your qualifying minimum online purchase subtotal of $49.
(Subtotal refers to amount of order, per shipping address, before taxes and shipping.
) Note: All Free Shipping is based on Super Saver Shipping rates.
More about shipping fees.
See Shopping Cart for full offer details.
Close Petco Anniversary Sale Promotion Details Discount is reflected in sale prices and will automatically be applied at Checkout.
No promotion code necessary.
Sale prices valid through October 4, 2012.
Discount on food, litter, and flea &amp; tick control is up to 10% Sitewide.
Excludes products with Manufacturer Minimum Advertised Price and Live Reptile Food.
Free Super Saver Shipping on $49.
Exclusions apply.
No promotion code necessary.
Free Super Saver Shipping Promotion Details EXCLUSIONS: Cat litter, dog litter, wild bird food, live fish &amp; rock, aquatic gravel and accents; crickets and live food; products with Manufacturer Minimum Advertised Price; out-of-stock items, Donations, Gift Certificates and Gift Cards; items shipped through white glove delivery or LTL delivery; orders exceeding the maximum weight limit of 300 lbs.
; and applicable taxes.
Litter, wild bird food, and oversized items may incur an additional per-item shipping &amp; handling fee or surcharge.
Additional exclusions may apply and will be noted on the Product Detail page and/or Shopping Cart.
Free Super Saver Shipping automatically applies to your qualifying minimum online purchase subtotal of $49.
(Subtotal refers to amount of order, per shipping address, before taxes and shipping.
) Note: All Free Shipping is based on Super Saver Shipping rates.
More about shipping fees.
See Shopping Cart for full offer details.
Shopping Dog Supplies | Dog Food Cat Supplies | Cat Food Fish Supplies | Live Fish &amp; Rock Small Animal Supplies Ferret Supplies Reptile Supplies Bird Supplies Pond Supplies Specialty Stores Shopping Services Repeat Delivery Product Q&amp;A Ratings &amp; Reviews Fetch My Sales Shopping Guides Pet Birthday Club Food Brand Center Natural Food Petco Certified Nutrition™ My Petco My Account Order Status Quick Reorder My Shopping List Pals Rewards Sign Up for Email for a Chance at a $500 Gift Card! Privacy Policy Gift Cards Petco Coupons Petco C.
A.
R.
E.
S.
Volunteer with Petco Our Stores Store Locator Local Ad Grand Openings Store Offers &amp; Events Live Birds Live Reptiles Live Small Animals Pet Services Dog Training Grooming Salon Pet Insurance Affordable Vaccinations Pooch Hotel Pet Adoptions Savings and Care Tips In-Store Adoption Events Online Adoption Search Pet Care Info Articles Animal Care Sheets Pet Insurance New Pet Center Careers Customer Service Shipping and Delivery Easy Returns Contact Us Help Order by Phone (877) 738-6742 A partnership with over 7,500 non-profit animal welfare groups Petco Kids Petco Field Trips Friend and Follow --&gt; Home Help Privacy Concerns YOUR ORDERS CHECK ORDER STATUS OR CALL 877-738-6742 SUBMIT QUESTION OR COMMENT PETCO STORES Find a store    Find directions &amp; contact information.
Learn about upcoming events, classes, and services available at your local Petco store.
For questions or feedback about your local Petco store.
.
.
CALL 888-824-PALS (7257) SUBMIT QUESTION OR COMMENT PETCO PALS PROGRAM For program questions, reward status inquiries, and feedback.
.
.
CALL 888-824-PALS (7257) SUBMIT QUESTION OR COMMENT HELP PRIVACY CONCERNS Security California Privacy Rights Privacy Policy Surveys Cookies and How We Use Them Links to Other Sites Kids Parents Choice/Opt-Out Updating or Correcting Your Information Changes to Our Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contacting Us Security Petco.
com takes reasonable steps to protect our customers' data against unauthorized access using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your online order information.
To check the security of your connection, look at the bottom of your browser window after accessing the server.
If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), SSL is active.
You can also double-check by looking at the URL line of your browser.
When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https.
" (Please note: some versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers, so you would be unable to connect to our servers to place an order.
) California Privacy Rights Pursuant to Section 1798.
83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.
Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with Petco, may choose to opt out of Petco disclosing personal information about them to third parties for marketing purposes.
Privacy Policy At petco.
com, we are concerned with protecting your privacy.
We use the information we collect about you to provide a personalized shopping experience.
We may also use it to tell you about special offers that we think you'd appreciate if you are subscribed to our newsletters.
You'll never have to worry about receiving a barrage of unexpected email from us if you have not subscribed with us.
We will not sell, rent or trade your information.
We occasionally have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates and joint ventures that perform functions on our behalf.
They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of the data.
They are restricted from using this data for other purposes, and in any way other than to provide the requested services to petco.
com, and may not alter or resell the data.
You may elect to opt-out of personally identifiable site tracking activity by following the Opt-out link below.
Keep in mind that petco.
com may continue to collect anonymous aggregate site behavior from our customers.
Opt-out We may occasionally have third party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates or joint ventures offer promotions on petco.
com.
You have the option to specifically opt-in to participate in the promotion and share your personal data with these parties and petco.
com.
These promotions may be in the form of a survey, contest or a separate area offering you the opportunity to enter your data for the specific purpose of participating in that program or promotion.
Data collected by these third-parties will be covered under the third-party's Privacy Policy agreement.
There is a possibility that petco.
com, its subsidiaries, its joint ventures, its affiliates, or any combination of such, could merge with, acquire, or be acquired by another business entity.
If such an action occurs, petco.
com would like to let you know that some or all of the personal information collected about you would be shared with this entity in order to continue to provide reliable service.
Notice of such an event will be posted on this page, and we will require that all parties follow the practices disclosed in this Privacy Policy unless otherwise noted.
When registering with petco.
com, we will ask for some contact information, such as your name and email address.
We will use the customer contact information from the registration form to send you information about our company and some of our partners.
If you do not wish to receive future mailing, see the "Choice/Opt-Out" section below.
Sometimes you will provide us with data that doesn't reveal your personal identity - what type of pet you're interested in, for example.
We use this sort of information for editorial and personalization purposes, and occasionally for other internal purposes (maybe we'll show cat owners a certain ad, for example) but we do not connect it to any name, address or other personal identifying information.
This way we can give you customized information without compromising your privacy.
We reserve the right to use aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group.
For instance, we might report to potential advertisers that a certain percentage of our users are interested in parrot behavior, based on online surveys or other requests.
We use a third party agent to handle our email marketing and you may refer to their privacy policy here.
If we know a visitor is under the age of thirteen, we will collect a parent's permission offline (by postal mail, fax or phone) before we collect or share personal information with anyone else.
Please note that nowhere on the website do we knowingly collect contact information or financial information from children under the age of 13.
Email Notice Email, in general, is not a secure form of communication, and can be intercepted as it travels across the Internet.
DO NOT send credit card numbers or other sensitive information via email.
Notice and Procedures for Making Claims of Copyright or Other Intellectual Property Infringements petco respects the intellectual property of others and takes the protection of copyrights and all other intellectual property very seriously, and we ask our users to do the same.
We therefore employ measures to prevent copyright and other intellectual property infringement on the Site.
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), if you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright or other intellectual property infringement, please send a written notification of the claimed copyright or other intellectual property infringement to: Copyright Claims Petco Law Department 9125 Rehco Road San Diego, CA 92121 (F) 858.
202.
7882 (E) Law@petco.
com Under Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(3)(A), to be effective the notification must include substantially the following information: A physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest that is allegedly infringed; Identification of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed, or if multiple copyrighted works or other intellectual property on the Site are covered by the notice, a representative list of such works; Identification of the material that you claim is infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as your name, address, telephone number and email address; A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or other intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and A statement by you that the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright or other intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or other intellectual property owner’s behalf.
For clarity, only notices related to copyright or other intellectual property infringement should go to the Petco Law Department; any other feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications should be directed here.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements, your notice may not be valid.
Surveys Our online surveys may ask visitors for contact information (like your email address) and demographic information (like your zip code or age).
We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about petco.
com and our promotions.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the "Choice/Opt-Out" section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site.
We use this data to tailor our visitors' experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
From time to time we may conduct contests or other promotions or request material for publication.
To participate, you usually must supply us with your true identity, which you agree to have publicly associated with your submission.
The exact rules vary from case to case, and will be noted clearly on the relevant pages.
Your participation will always be voluntary and knowing.
Contact information will be used in order to notify contest winners.
Cookies and How We Use Them You may have read about "cookies," nuggets of information that a Web site you visit will store on your own computer.
Petco.
com uses cookies so that we can recognize you and serve you better when you shop at our site.
Your cookie contains such information as your billing and shipping addresses and the contents of your shopping cart.
It does not include your credit card number.
At petco.
com, we believe that the use of cookies is essential to a seamless online shopping experience.
For that reason, it is not possible to purchase items at petco.
com without one.
Links to Other Sites This site may contain links to other sites.
Petco.
com privacy practices may differ from those of these other sites.
Make sure you are educated on any site's policies before providing personal information.
Kids Be sure to ask your parents for permission before you send any information about yourself over the Internet, such as: your name, address, phone number, or email address, to us or to anyone else.
Parents We are committed to protecting your children's privacy.
If petco.
com knowingly collects personally identifying data from children, we will use it for internal purposes only.
We will not post it, publish it, or supply it to any third parties.
As mentioned earlier, for certain purposes we may use anonymous, aggregated data about our users.
Kids' information may be included in this aggregated data, but will not be personally identifiable.
Children must ask their parents or guardians for permission before visiting petco.
com or purchasing anything from petco.
com.
It is also recommended that children get permission before sharing personal information (such as name, address, phone number, or email address) over the Internet.
Choice/Opt-Out When registering with petco.
com, we will ask for some contact information, such as your name and email address.
We will use the customer contact information from the registration form to send you information about our company and some of our partners.
Petco.
com sends subscribed users regular newsletters and occasional promotional offers.
However, petco.
com provides users with the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us.
If you do not wish to receive correspondence from petco.
com, just follow these easy steps: Click on "My Account" at the top right corner of any page.
Log in using your email address and password.
Select "Emal Preferences" to modify your current preferences.
From this page, you can easily subscribe to or unsubscribe from multiple newsletters.
Updating or Correcting Your Information If you need to change or correct some of the information you provided petco.
com, you can make edits by signing in to "My Account.
" Changes to Our Privacy Policy When practicable, notices of changes will appear on this page in advance, so check back often.
Terms of Use Welcome to petco.
com.
If you continue to browse and use this web site, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern Petco's relationship with you in relation to this web site.
The term "Petco" or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the web site whose registered office is 9125 Rehco Road, San Diego, CA 92121.
The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our web site.
Every effort is made to keep the web site up and running smoothly.
However, Petco takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the web site being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
The use of this web site is subject to the following terms of use: The content of the pages of this web site is for your general information and use only.
It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, reliability, availability, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this web site for any particular purpose.
You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this web site is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable.
It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this web site meet your specific requirements.
You hereby indemnify, defend, and hold us and our affiliates and our officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees harmless from and against any and all liabilities and costs incurred in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of this agreement or claims arising from your use of our web site.
You shall cooperate with us in the defense of any claim.
We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
This web site contains material which is owned by or licensed to us.
This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics.
Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this web site which are not the property of, or licensed to, Petco are acknowledged on the web site.
Unauthorized use of this web site may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this web site may also include links to other web sites.
These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information.
They do not signify that we endorse the web site(s).
We have no responsibility for the content of the linked web site(s).
You may not create a link to this web site from another web site or document without Petco's prior consent.
To make a request, please contact us.
Your use of this web site and any dispute arising out of such use of the web site is subject to the laws of the state of California.
Contacting Us If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this web site, or your dealings with this site, send us an email.
About Site Map Store Site Map Affiliate Program Links and Linking Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 Regular and sale prices, offers and selection on petco.
com may vary from those of Petco stores and the Petco Local Ad.
Prices and offers are subject to change.
Pricing Policies ©2012, Petco Animal Supplies, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Petco.
com is a trademark of Petco Animal Supplies, Inc.
