 Skip to Navigation Skip to Search Skip to Main Content 71° and Sunny Prospective Students Current Students Faculty Staff Alumni Parents &amp; Families UCLA Mobile Menu ABOUT Overview Mission &amp; Values Facts &amp; Figures Awards &amp; Honors History Impact &amp; Accomplishments Iconic &amp; Influential Alumni Rankings Centers &amp; Institutes Administration Careers Close (X) ACADEMICS Overview Undergraduate Education Graduate &amp; Professional Education Continuing Education Academic Opportunities Faculty Departments &amp; Programs Libraries Close (X) ADMISSIONS Admissions Overview Undergraduate Admissions Graduate Admissions Extension Admissions International Admissions Transfer Admissions Affordability Close (X) UCLA IN THE COMMUNITY Overview Community Programs &amp; Partnerships K-12 Education Programs &amp; Resources Academic Programs Health Care Arts &amp; Culture Close (X) THE ARTS Overview Museums &amp;amp Performing Arts Arts In The Community Close (X) CAMPUS LIFE Overview Values Housing &amp; Dining LA Lifestyle Health &amp; Safety Clubs, Organizations &amp; Recreation Student Support Close (X) HEALTH SYSTEM Overview For Patients For Healthcare Professionals Education Continuing Education Giving Back to UCLA Close (X) RESEARCH Overview Opportunities For Partnerships Undergraduate Research Graduate Research Research Centers &amp; Institutes Libraries Administration Overview Close (X) ATHLETICS Visit Give Terms of Use UCLA encourages the use of this site and other UCLA sites, regardless of domain address, as a way to share information and knowledge in support of the University's three-part mission of education, research and public service.
These sites are owned by The Regents of the University of California and operated by UCLA.
Site content is subject to change without notice.
While most sites are publicly accessible, certain services and information offered on-line may be restricted to specific users or segments of the UCLA population.
Content Consistent with University policies and regulations, UCLA upholds the principles of academic freedom and shared governance, freedom of speech, and privacy in the use of electronic resources by our faculty, students and staff.
The UCLA web space contains official pages in support of the core mission of the University or related administrative business.
It also contains Web pages generated by groups or individuals whose expressed views do not necessarily represent the views of UCLA or The Regents.
The University does not actively monitor or control web content.
However, when the University receives a notification of an alleged violation of law or policy, we investigate and address violations accordingly.
Contact: abuse@ucla.
edu or webadmin@ucla.
edu.
Privacy: The UCLA Gateway and Other Sites The UCLA gateway site, www.
ucla.
edu, collects information to improve functionality and content and to monitor performance.
Data is used to help answer specific questions about the usage and performance of the web site or individual web pages.
At no time is site usage associated with individual IP addresses.
UCLA works in a distributed information technology environment; therefore, policies and procedures for other web sites may vary.
If there are questions, visitors should contact the specific department, unit or organization that maintains the site.
UCLA Name and Trademark UCLA®, UCLA Bruins®, University of California Los Angeles® and all related trademarks are the property of The Regents of the University of California.
UCLA names and trademarks may not be used by third parties without specific written permission as outlined in UCLA Policy 110 (see www.
adminvc.
ucla.
edu/appm/).
Other trademarks, service marks, and trade names used in the ucla.
edu web space are the property of their respective owners.
Site History The first UCLA home page in September 1993 was a simple welcome.
In May 1995 came the full-featured "InfoUCLA.
" In February 1997, "Planet UCLA" was launched (with a spinning globe).
The "Great Futures" design was adopted in June 2000.
The "Here.
Now.
UCLA" design was launched in late October 2004; the updated version of "Here.
Now.
UCLA" dates to November 2008.
The site is managed by UCLA Communications &amp; Public Outreach.
Digital Millenium Copyright Act UCLA complies with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).
If you have a concern regarding the use of copyrighted material on any site on the ucla.
edu network, please contact the agent designated to respond to reports alleging copyright infringement.
For complete information go to: www.
ucla.
edu/dmca.
Endorsements Links from a web site located on a UCLA server to any non-university site do not imply University endorsement of the site's products or services.
References to non-UCLA products, services, or organizations do not imply University endorsement of such products, services, or organizations.
Feedback UCLA is committed to providing a user-friendly environment for students, faculty, staff, alumni, friends, visitors and the community.
Your comments are welcomed.
Please send your comments to either the webadmin@ucla.
edu or to the webmaster/contact listed on the specific department, unit, individual or organization site.
Copyright © 2006 The Regents of the University of California Credits Photographs © 2003 by Alan Nyiri, courtesy of the Atkinson Photographic Archive, Stephanie Diani, © 2006 Regents of the University of California Maps, Directions, Parking Directory Contact Academic Calendar Careers Diversity University of California Terms of Use UCLA 405 Hilgard Avenue Los Angeles, CA 90095 310.
825.
4321 UCLA on Facebook UCLA on Twitter UCLA on Foursquare UCLA on YouTube UCLA on iTunes 
