 Food Fun and Facts and
Ann Carol's Books Privacy
Statement: 
Privacy Policy Statement: June 18,2009 Your
privacy is my priority at Food Fun and Facts.
br&gt;
I am committed to protecting your privacy at all times, in all
situations.
I do use Google for my Advertising and Below you will be able to opt out of the use of cookies by Dart.
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
* Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should
contact Ann Joy at Food
Fun and Facts How Do I Use the Information I Collect? The information I collect about you when you visit my site or fill out
forms and surveys is only used to help me meet your needs better and provide you with a quality web site you will enjoy.
It will also be used
to notify you when there will be an upcoming sale, Contests, or new information
added.
To my knowledge, the information does not go any further than myself.
Your name and address information is used solely for
correspondance
purposes with visitors at at Food Fun and Facts and Ann Carol's.
.
Your demographic
information (male/female, date of birth, etc.
) is used for helping me maintain
my website so I can make it enjoyable for all.
It mayl also be used in determining
selection of prizes that may be
awarded.
My Use of Log Files: Is used by me only to conduct site
performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep track of click stream
data (the screens my users visit on our site.
When you visit my
site I automatically log your IP address, your browser type and your access times.
Myr Use of Cookies: Cookies are pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer's hard drive which, for some sites, identifies you when you enter.
I do not use cookies to collect any information, Site Security Food Fun and Facts and Ann Carol's takes your personal information
very seriously.
Access to subscriber personal information is limited to key management personnel and is ID and password
protected.
Web security is reviewed on a monthly basis.
Links To Other Sites This Web site contains links to other Web sites.
Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are clicking to another Web site.
I encourage you to read the privacy statements of
these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from mine.
Communication Site Security Food Fun and Facts and Ann Carol's takes your personal information
very seriously.
Access to subscriber personal information is limited to key management personnel and is ID and password protected.
Web security is reviewed on a monthly basis.
Links To Other Sites This Web site contains links to other Web sites.
Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are clicking to another Web site.
I encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from mine.
Communication From time to time I may send out email messages alerting you to sales
and
contests that Food Fun and Facts and at Ann Carol's may be having.
In addition, you
will
receive communication from me if you contact me for a particular
reason.
Your Consent By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of the information you provide to me.
If my privacy policy changes in any way I will make the revised information available on this screen
immediately and will put a prominent notice on my main page.
Rest
assured, I will NEVER change our policy of protecting your privacy and never compromise it with a third party.
Your Feedback is Always
Welcome I welcome your comments and questions about my privacy policy - or anything else you might want to talk about.
Back to Home Page | Email Me! | Copyright 1999-2009
| Privacy
Policy | 
