 Find a Store Events Weekly Ad Gift Cards My Account Wish List Hello ! Sign In Join Today DLC Maps &amp; Passes Pre-Owned Great Values Trade-Ins Great Offers Deals Our Best Sales Xbox 360 See All Xbox 360 » Hot Right Now Call of Duty: Black Ops II Assassin's Creed III GameStop Edition Halo 4 Dishonored See all best sellers Xbox 360 Games All Action Casual Collectibles DLC Educational Fighting Kinect Monitor Movies &amp; TV Music &amp; Party Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Strategy Guides Xbox 360 Deals Price Drop Under $20 Xbox 360 Accessories Batteries &amp; Chargers Cables &amp; Adaptors Cameras &amp; Webcams Controllers Cooling Systems Game Systems Gaming Furniture Headsets &amp; Mics Keyboards &amp; Mice Memory Mounts &amp; Brackets Repair &amp; Cleaning Storage &amp; Cases Video &amp; Sound Cards Xbox 360 Hardware Game Systems Shop Xbox 360 by ESRB Early Childhood Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending PS3 See All PS3 » Hot Right Now Call of Duty: Black Ops II Assassin's Creed III GameStop Edition $50 Playstation Network Card Skylanders Giants Golden Dragonfire Cannon Battle Pack GameStop Exclusive See all best sellers PS3 Games All 3D Action Casual Collectibles DLC Fighting Monitor Move Movies &amp; TV Music &amp; Party Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Strategy Guides PS3 Deals Price Drop Under $20 PS3 Accessories Batteries &amp; Chargers Cables &amp; Adaptors Controllers Game Systems Gaming Furniture Headsets &amp; Mics Keyboards &amp; Mice Mounts &amp; Brackets Repair &amp; Cleaning Storage &amp; Cases Video &amp; Sound Cards PS3 Hardware Game Systems Shop PS3 by ESRB Early Childhood Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending PC See All PC » Hot Right Now Civilization III Complete Edition Dishonored Guild Wars 2 Dishonored See all best sellers PC Games All Action Casual Collectibles DLC Educational Fighting Hardware Kinect Movies &amp; TV Music &amp; Party Productivity Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Strategy Guides PC Deals Price Drop Under $20 PC Accessories Batteries &amp; Chargers Cables &amp; Adaptors Controllers Faceplates &amp; Skins Game Systems Gaming Furniture Gear &amp; Apparel Headsets &amp; Mics Keyboards &amp; Mice Memory Mounts &amp; Brackets Networking Repair &amp; Cleaning Speakers Storage &amp; Cases Video &amp; Sound Cards PC Hardware Game Systems Shop PC by ESRB Early Childhood Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending Wii U See All Wii U » Hot Right Now Universal Afterglow Wireless Headset ZombiU Wii U Pro Controller - Black Call of Duty: Black Ops II See all best sellers Wii U Games All Action Fighting Music &amp; Party Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Sports Strategy Wii U Accessories Batteries &amp; Chargers Cables &amp; Adaptors Controllers Faceplates &amp; Skins Game Systems Headsets &amp; Mics Mounts &amp; Brackets Storage &amp; Cases Wii U Hardware Game Systems Shop Wii U by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending 3DS See All 3DS » Hot Right Now Harvest Moon: A New Beginning New Super Mario Bros.
2 Paper Mario: Sticker Star Nintendo 3DS XL Blue See all best sellers 3DS Games All Action Casual Collectibles Educational Fighting Music &amp; Party Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Strategy Guides 3DS Deals Price Drop Under $20 3DS Accessories Batteries &amp; Chargers Cables &amp; Adaptors Controllers Faceplates &amp; Skins Game Systems Gear &amp; Apparel Headsets &amp; Mics Repair &amp; Cleaning Storage &amp; Cases 3DS Hardware Game Systems Shop 3DS by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending PS Vita See All PS Vita » Hot Right Now PlayStation Vita Wi-Fi Assassin's Creed III Liberation Bundle Mortal Kombat Persona 4 Golden Silent Hill: Book of Memories See all best sellers PS Vita Games All Action Casual DLC Fighting Music &amp; Party Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Sports Strategy PS Vita Deals Price Drop Under $20 PS Vita Accessories Batteries &amp; Chargers Cables &amp; Adaptors Controllers Faceplates &amp; Skins Game Systems Headsets &amp; Mics Memory Repair &amp; Cleaning Speakers Storage &amp; Cases PS Vita Hardware Game Systems Shop PS Vita by ESRB Everyone Everyone 10+ Teen Mature Rating Pending More Wii Nintendo DS PSP PlayStation 2 Xbox GameCube Nintendo GBA GameStop Refurbished iPod®, iPhone®&amp; iPad® iPod® Devices Accessories iPhone® Devices Accessories iPad® Devices Accessories Trade My Device Trade My iPod® Trade My iPhone® Trade My iPad® Great value • Tested • Returnable • No major dents or blemishes • Guaranteed to Work or Your Money Back* *Item must be returned within 7 days of purchase.
All devices &amp; accessories GameStop is not affiliated with or endorsed by Apple inc.
iPod touch®, iPhone®, and iPad® devices available through GameStop stores and Web sites are refurbished by GameStop.
iPod touch®, iPhone®, and iPad® (including images thereof) are registerd trademarks of Apple Inc.
Accessories Video Game Accessories Batteries &amp; Chargers Xbox 360 PS3 Wii All Cables &amp; Adaptors Xbox 360 PS3 Wii All Cameras &amp; Webcams Xbox 360 PS3 All Controllers Xbox 360 PS3 Wii All Cooling Systems Xbox 360 PS3 All Faceplates &amp; Skins Xbox 360 PS3 Wii All Gaming Furniture Xbox 360 PS3 Wii All Headsets &amp; Mics Xbox 360 PS3 Wii All Memory Xbox 360 PS3 Wii All Repair &amp; Cleaning Xbox 360 PS3 Wii All Storage &amp; Cases Xbox 360 PS3 Wii All PC Accessories Keyboard &amp; Mouse Bundles Keyboards Mice &amp; Mouse Pads Trackballs &amp; Gamepads USB Drives Disc Media Mobile Accessories iPhone® iPad® iPod® Android™ Audio Visual Accessories Video Cables Audio Cables HDMI Headsets Gaming Headsets Xbox 360 Xbox 360 Wireless PlayStation 3 PlayStation 3 Wireless PC PC Wireless All Gaming Headsets Headphones $100 - $299 $75 - $99 $50 - $74 less than $50 Noise Cancelling Earbuds Over Ear Bluetooth All Headsets and Headphones Tablets Android™ Tablets Storage &amp; Cases Controllers Input Devices iPad® Devices iPad® Accessories All Tablets Trade My Device My Cart Pick My Home Store Get access to great in-store deals and local pick-up Platforms Xbox 360 All Accessories Action Bonus Item Casual Collectibles DLC Educational Fighting Kinect Monitor Move Movies &amp; TV Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Price Drop Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Strategy Guides Systems Value Priced Xbox All Accessories Action Fighting Movies &amp; TV Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Price Drop Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Systems Value Priced Sony PSP All Accessories Action Casual DLC Educational Fighting Movies &amp; TV Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Price Drop Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Systems Value Priced PlayStation 2 All Accessories Action Casual DLC Educational Fighting Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Price Drop Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Systems Value Priced PlayStation 3 All 3D Accessories Action Bonus Item Casual Collectibles DLC Fighting Kinect Monitor Move Movies &amp; TV Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Price Drop Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Strategy Guides Systems Value Priced PC All Accessories Action Bonus Item Casual Collectibles DLC Educational Fighting Hardware Kinect Movies &amp; TV Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Price Drop Productivity Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Strategy Guides Systems Value Priced Download Now All Collectibles Nintendo 3DS PC PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 PS Vita Sony PSP Xbox 360 Nintendo Wii All Accessories Action Balance Board Bonus Item Casual Collectibles DLC Educational Fighting MotionPlus Move Movies &amp; TV Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Price Drop Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Strategy Guides Systems Value Priced Nintendo Wii U All Accessories Action Bonus Item Fighting Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Price Drop Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Sports Strategy Systems Value Priced Nintendo 3DS All Accessories Action Bonus Item Casual Collectibles Educational Fighting Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Price Drop Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Strategy Guides Systems Value Priced Nintendo DS All Accessories Action Bonus Item Casual DLC Educational Fighting Movies &amp; TV Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Price Drop Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Strategy Guides Systems Value Priced Nintendo GBA All Accessories Action Casual Educational Fighting Movies &amp; TV Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Systems Value Priced Game Cube All Accessories Action Fighting Music &amp; Party Pre-Owned Games Puzzle &amp; Cards Role-Playing Shooter Simulation Sports Strategy Systems Value Priced Under $20 All Android Blu-ray Disc Card &amp; Board Games Collectibles DVD Electronics Game Boy Game Cube iPad® iPhone® iPod® Macintosh Nintendo 3DS Nintendo DS Nintendo GBA Nintendo Wii Nintendo Wii U PC PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 PS Vita PSP UMD Movies Sony PSP Xbox Xbox 360 Price Drop All Android Card &amp; Board Games Collectibles Electronics iPad® iPhone® iPod® Macintosh Nintendo 3DS Nintendo DS Nintendo Wii Nintendo Wii U PC PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 PS Vita Sony PSP Xbox Xbox 360 Pre-Owned All Android Electronics Game Boy Game Cube iPad® iPhone® iPod® Nintendo 3DS Nintendo DS Nintendo GBA Nintendo Wii Nintendo Wii U PC PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 PS Vita PSP UMD Movies Sony PSP Xbox Xbox 360 Accessories All Android Collectibles DVD Electronics Game Boy Game Cube iPad® iPhone® iPod® Macintosh Nintendo 3DS Nintendo DS Nintendo GBA Nintendo Wii Nintendo Wii U PC PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 PS Vita PSP UMD Movies Sony PSP Xbox Xbox 360 Strategy Guides All Nintendo 3DS Nintendo DS Nintendo Wii PC PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 Systems All Android Electronics e-Reader Game Cube iPad® iPhone® iPod® Macintosh Nintendo 3DS Nintendo DS Nintendo GBA Nintendo Wii Nintendo Wii U PC PlayStation 2 PlayStation 3 PS Vita Sony PSP Xbox Xbox 360 Exclusive Deals Sign up for our email deals newsletter! @gamestop Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Privacy Policy Return to Help Center Last updated: January 9, 2007 Gamestop.
com is aware of your concerns about use of your personal information.
We attempt to use and share personal information that we collect online carefully and sensibly.
This notice describes our privacy policy.
By visiting Gamestop.
com, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice.
Our online privacy policy applies only to information that we collect from customers online who visit Gamestop.
com; it does not apply to any information collected at our retail stores and outlets.
This website contains links to other websites.
Gamestop.
com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites.
In this document, the word "computer" means any device used to connect to Gamestop.
com, including, but not limited to, mobile devices.
We Gather the Following Personal Information About Customers: Information That You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or that you give us in any other way.
You can choose not to provide certain information, but this will limit your ability to purchase products offered on the website, or to take advantage of some of our features for website customers.
When you place an order with us, your contact information is used to communicate related information, such as order and shipment confirmation, release date changes and requests for more information to facilitate the processing of your order.
You may opt-out of these communications by canceling your order.
We use customer contact information from the account form to customize future shopping for you, to improve our website and stores, and, if you choose, to send you information about our company and to inform you of sales and special offers.
If, after receiving a non-order related email, you do not want to receive such emails in the future, you can notify us, by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link attached to each email.
We obtain information about you when you search, buy, participate in a contest or questionnaire, communicate with customer service, or otherwise contact us or post information on the website.
For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through Gamestop.
com or provide information to update or create your account with us (you may have more than one account if you have used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us); communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; create any wish or gift list; participate in any forums or discussion areas or product reviews; or create any alerts or other email notification services we may offer now or in the future.
The information collected typically includes your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; content of reviews you may provide; e-mails to us; and any other personal information that you provide to us or post on the website.
We occasionally run our own email surveys and we ask visitors for contact, demographic and technical information.
We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about our company.
This information is also used to contact visitors to learn more about specific problems they might have reported or to give them rewards, if such a reward program is part of the survey.
The demographic information is used to learn more about the types of people who visit our site.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (such as their email address).
We use this information to contact the winners.
We may share contest information entered on our website with our business and marketing partners.
We allow customers to post reviews and to allow visitors to communicate information on products.
When posting a review, you can optionally display your name, an alias, or remain anonymous.
However, if you disclose personally identifiable information in your review, that information is public information and may increase your chance of receiving unsolicited email.
You should use discretion when disclosing information on-line.
Automatic Collection of Information: If you purchase any products online, or have any other interaction with our website, we will receive and store information that you provide or that is generated by your actions.
For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," which are placed on your computer (explained in more detail below), to remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart.
This allows you to leave our site, come back later, and still have the contents of your shopping cart intact.
It also lets us personalize your experience at Gamestop.
com, tailoring the content to your interests.
A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously, but if you use these utilities, it may limit your ability to use personalized features that we offer.
The information we receive or can determine from your interaction with our website includes your Internet (IP) address; login and password information; e-mail address; web browser type and version; operating system and computer platform; purchase history, which we may aggregate with similar information from other customers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; areas of our website you visited; and the phone number you used to call our toll-free number.
We also may log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us.
We assign you a unique internal identifier to help keep track of your future visits.
E-mail Communications: We provide email links on our "Customer Services" page that allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have.
We may receive a confirmation when you open any e-mail that we send to you, if your computer supports such capabilities.
If you send us any email, we will retain such email and your email address for response.
We also may compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary or duplicate messages to you.
Information from Other Sources: If we receive any information about you from other sources, we may add it to our account information.
For example, if we receive a list of subscribers to a gaming publication, and we note that you are a subscriber, we may include that information in the account information that we store about you.
Other examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records; account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from business partners who operate their own websites or for which we provide any services; search term and search result information from searches conducted through the website; and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud.
An Explanation of "Cookies" Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are placed by us on your computer's storage system through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser when you make future visits to our website, and to store certain information (such as items placed in your shopping cart) between visits.
You can stop your computer from storing cookies if you want to.
Most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
You should look in the "help" area shown on your browser's toolbar.
Because cookies allow you to have the benefit of our personalized features, we recommend that you leave them turned on.
You MUST have cookies enabled in order to checkout on our website.
Sharing of Information Tournaments: If you register for tournaments on GameStop.
com, we may share your registration data with the tournament host and they may use it for internal tracking and analytics.
For instance, if you give us your Xbox Live Gamertag for a Microsoft tournament, Microsoft will use that information for internal research.
Sharing with Third Parties.
We may share customer information that we collect with third parties.
Usually, this information will be shared with a third party that has relationship with us as a business partner or marketing partner.
(See information on Third Party Relationships below.
) Also, we may use the information that you provide us, or that we collect about you, in connection with the promotion of our products and services and those of our affiliates.
It is not our policy to sell or rent lists of our website customers to unaffiliated third parties.
Sharing with our Contractors.
We also may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples include order fulfillment, package delivery, postal mail and e-mail communications, customer lists management, data analysis, marketing assistance, credit card processing, and customer relationship management.
These companies and individuals have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but they are not permitted to use such information for other purposes without our permission.
Promotional Offers May be Sent to You.
We may send you offers on behalf of our company or other businesses, or permit other businesses that we are working with to send you offers, if we believe that you may be interested in receiving these offers.
If, after receiving a non-order related email, you do not want to receive such emails in the future, you can notify us, by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link attached to each email.
Sale or Acquisition of Business Units.
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy or sell business divisions or companies, we may merge or combine with another company, or our company itself, or all or a significant part of its assets, may be acquired by another company.
In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred and shared business assets.
The information transferred and shared remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy notice (unless, of course, the customer has agreed to be subject to new privacy notice terms).
Legal Requirements and Protection of Gamestop.
com and Others.
We may decide to release your account and other personal information if we believe release is appropriate or necessary to comply with the law, to enforce or apply our website terms of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Gamestop.
com, our users, or others.
This information may be released or exchanged with other companies and organizations to protect against fraud, or for credit risk reduction.
We will cooperate with law enforcement and judicial authorities, and we may provide personally identifiable information to appropriate government authorities upon receipt of a subpoena or court order, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation.
We will fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities.
We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies activities that we in good faith believe to be illegal.
We undertake no obligation or duty to release such information, however, unless we are required to do so under applicable law.
Other Circumstances.
If we want to share personal information other than as permitted or described above, we will notify you, and you may choose to instruct us not to share the information.
Third Party Relationships We have several types of third-party relationships.
We offer an affiliate program through a third-party affiliate manager.
This program allows other websites to earn money by directing people (through links) to our website.
If you sign up as an affiliate, your contact information (website address and related information, email address, mailing and payment addresses, and contact information) is sent to the third-party affiliate manager who activates your affiliate status and pays you based on the sales you generate for Gamestop.
com.
You may apply for this program using an Affiliate Program application.
The Affiliate Program area is clearly labeled, and your information is never collected or shared unless you also fill out an Affiliate Program application.
We work with business partners to provide you access to their products and services.
For example, our website includes a link to www.
alienware.
com.
Any information you supply upon entering the www.
alienware.
com site is collected by Alienware.
We link to third-party surveys.
When you complete a purchase, you are often invited to participate in a survey to rate your experience.
The survey is conducted by a third party (and is identified as such) who shares all of the survey information with us, including your email address if you specify it in the survey.
We use this information to gauge which areas of our service need improving.
If you order from us after visiting Sony's Playstation.
com web site we will forward your PlayStation Underground registration number to Sony along with any information regarding the products you have purchased.
Security of Information Stored by Us During transmission of information by you to our website, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the first two and last two digits of your credit card number when confirming an order, but we have to transmit the entire credit card number to the credit card processor or company during order processing.
To the extent that you use our website, and connect to us through your computer, anyone with access to your computer may be able to access our website and conduct transactions in your name.
We have no ability to know who has access to your computer, or to your credit card information, or who you have authorized to use such computer or information.
Persons with access to your computer may be able to view any private or stored account information or other information that you have given to us.
Accordingly, you are responsible for any transactions that are made in your name by someone who has access to your computer or your credit card number.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to any login or password information, and to your computer.
You May Access, Change or Modify Your Personal Information If you have purchased from us or created an account, our site provides you the opportunity to review, correct, or update your account information.
You can do this by: Accessing Gamestop.
com and clicking on the "My Account" link.
Sending mail to the following postal address: Gamestop.
com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine, TX 76051 Calling the following telephone number: 1-800-883-8895 Your Right to Choose (Opt-Out) You always may choose not to provide information.
Obviously, if you choose not to provide necessary information, we may not be able to process your orders or inquiries.
If we permit you to update any information that we store about you, we may keep a copy of the previous information for our records.
If, after receiving a non-order related email, you do not want to receive such emails in the future, you can notify us, by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link attached to each email.
We May Change These Terms Whether or not you have viewed our terms and conditions of use of this website, or this privacy notice, and whether or not you have chosen to not receive notices from us, those terms and notices will still govern your use of Gamestop.
com.
We may update or change our terms of use and this privacy notice at any time and from time to time, as we determine is appropriate.
It is your responsibility to review them for changes.
Use of Our Website by Children Gamestop.
com does not sell products for purchase by children.
We sell children's products for purchase by adults.
If you are under 18, you may use Gamestop.
com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Terms and Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to visit our website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this privacy notice and our Terms and Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.
If you have any concerns or questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact: Gamestop.
com Customer Service 625 Westport Parkway Grapevine, TX 76051 As is the case with any business, our business changes over time, and our privacy notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use also will change.
We may e-mail reminders of our notices and conditions.
You should frequently check our website to see recent changes to these terms and policies.
Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
Related Practices and Information Terms and Conditions of Use may be found by clicking here.
Keep In Touch Get our Newsletter Site Feedback RSS Events Suggest a Product Contact Us Help GameStop Around the World Australia Austria Canada Denmark Finland France Germany Ireland Italy New Zealand Norway Portugal Spain Sweden Switzerland United Kingdom United States GameStop Network Game Informer Kongregate GameStop Impulse BuyMyTronics PowerUp Rewards™ Why It Rocks FAQs What Is It Trade Card Card Help About GameStop Corporate Investor Relations Careers Affiliates Sweepstakes Upcoming Video Games Site Map © 1999-2012 GameStop Privacy Policy Conditions of Use 
