 Special offers Buy Credit Sign In Join Skype Logout Special offers Buy Credit English (International) English (International)                             English (American)                             English (British)                             عربي                             Česky                             Dansk                             Deutsch                             Español (Latinoamérica)                             Español                             Eesti                             Suomi                             Français                             Magyar                             Italiano                             日本語                             한국어                             Nederlands                             Norsk                             Polski                             Português                             Português (Brasileiro)                             Руccкий                             Svenska                             Türkçe                             中文（简体）                             中文 (繁體)                             Features Calling Skype-to-Skype Phones and mobiles Online Number Conference calls Skype To Go number Video Video calling Group video calling Screen sharing Messaging Instant messaging Send files Sending SMS Facebook Managing Skype Manager Skype Connect All features Get Skype Computer Windows Windows (Business) Mac Linux Skype Click to Call Other downloads Mobile Android iPad iPhone Symbian Windows Phone Other phones TV Skype on your current TV On your TV with a TV Cam Skype-ready TVs Gaming PlayStation®Vita Home phone Skype-ready cordless phones Get Skype homepage Prices Free Pay As You Go Subscriptions Skype Premium Skype Credit SMS rates Ways to pay Special offers See all prices Accessories Business At work Overview Home office Small business Medium business Products Business download Skype Manager Sign in Skype Connect Learn more Business User Guide Group video calling Case studies Workspace blog Business homepage Support FAQs Sound problems Connection problems Account and profile settings Payments and prices Privacy and security New to Skype? Ask the experts Support homepage Group Video Calling Fair Usage Policy Group video calls are subject to a fair usage limit of 100 hours per month with no more than 10 hours per day and a limit of 4 hours per individual video call.
Once these limits have been reached, the video will switch off and the call will convert to an audio call.
© Skype – Last revised: October 2010 You are now leaving www.
skype.
com.
Links to sites outside of Skype are provided as a resource to the viewer.
Skype accepts no responsibility for the content of linked sites.
Skype.
com Features Skype-to-Skype Phones and mobiles Conference calling Skype To Go Online number Voicemail Call forwarding Caller ID Call transfer Video calling Group video calling Screen sharing Instant messaging Sending files Sending SMS Facebook Skype WiFi Get Skype Windows Mac Linux Business Download Skype Click to Call Android iPad iPhone Symbian Windows Phone Other phones Skype on your current TV On your TV with a TV Cam Skype-ready TVs PlayStation®Vita Prices Free Pay As You Go Subscriptions Skype Premium Skype Credit SMS rates Ways to pay Special offers Accessories Headsets Phones Skype for TV Webcams Mobiles Tablets Gaming Microphones App Directory Business Business Download Business User Guide Skype Manager Skype Connect Group video calling Case studies Workspace blog Support Sound problems Connection problems Account and profile settings Payments and prices Privacy and security New to Skype? Ask the experts English (International) |English (American) |English (British) |عربي |Česky |Dansk |Deutsch |Español (Latinoamérica) |Español |Eesti |Suomi |Français |Magyar |Italiano |日本語 |한국어 |Nederlands |Norsk |Polski |Português |Português (Brasileiro) |Руccкий |Svenska |Türkçe |中文（简体） |中文 (繁體) About us · Advertise · Affiliates · Blogs · Developers · Jobs · Rates · Security · Privacy policy · Legal · © 2012 Skype.
The Skype name, associated trade marks and logos and the "S" logo are trade marks of Skype.
Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the Terms of Use and Privacy and Cookie Policy.
