     App Chronicles  Facebook Twitter RSS Feed Email Updates Home App Trailers Apps Gone Free Editor's Picks: The Best Free Apps of the Week Free iPad Apps Free iPhone Apps App Reviews iPad Reviews iPhone Reviews Top Rated Apps Best iPad Apps Best iPad Productivity Apps Best iPhone Apps Walkthrough   Today's Best Free Apps! Hours Tracker, &amp; More!   FIFA 13 Review Subtly Different, Still Remarkably Great     Lili Review Light-Hearted Adventure   Our Top Rated iPad Apps FIFA SOCCER 13 Lili Bad Piggies Final Fantasy Dimensions Bento 4 The World Ends With You: Solo Remix Bastion Granny Smith Blast-A-Way Orc: Vengeance Privacy Policy Privacy and Cookies Policy Introduction App Chronicles takes your right to privacy seriously, and wants you to feel comfortable using this web site.
This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as “data” below) that may be collected by this site.
This policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by the site editor, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of the site editor, or that are not under the site editor’s control.
1.
Collection of data Registration for an account or posting comments on this site requires only a valid e-mail address, a user name that has not been chosen already and your name.
You are not required to provide any other information if you do not want to.
Please be aware that your name, the user name you choose, the e-mail address you provide and any other information you enter may render you personally identifiable, and may possibly be displayed on this web site intentionally (depending on choices you make during the registration process, or depending on the way in which the site is configured) or unintentionally (subsequent to a successful act of intrusion by a third party).
As on many web sites, the site editor may also automatically receive general information that is contained in server log files, such as your IP address, and cookie information.
Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if it is indeed the site editor’s policy to display advertising) is set forth below.
2.
Use of data Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site.
Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy; (ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data; (iii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider; (iv) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement; (v) it is found that your use of this site violates the site editor’s policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by the site editor to protect the site editor’s legal rights and/or property.
In the event you choose to use links displayed on this web site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites.
3.
Cookies Like many web sites, this web site sets and uses cookies to enhance your user experience — to remember your personal settings, for instance.
Advertisements may display on this web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer; such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement.
However, the parties providing the advertising do not have access to this site’s cookies.
These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site.
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
* Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
* You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
4.
Minors The site editor might not allow persons who are aged thirteen or younger to become members of this site.
5.
Changes to this privacy policy Changes may be made to this policy from time to time.
You will be notified of substantial changes to this policy either by through the posting of a prominent announcement on the site, and/or by a mail message sent to the e-mail address you have provided, which is stored within your user settings.
6.
NO GUARANTEES While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, the site editor is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards.
There may be factors beyond the site editor’s control that may result in disclosure of data.
Consquently, the site editor offers no warranties or representations as regards maintenance or non-disclosure of data.
7.
Contact information If you have any questions about this policy or about this web site, please feel free to contact us .
Related Posts None   Phantasy Star Online 2 New Details Emerges     IAPs in Kids' Games Harass parents to let them buy more     The Best iPad Office App? Heavyweight Office Apps Compared   Popular New App Videos App Name:
Lili
Platforms:
Universal
Price:
$4.
99
Download Visit our APP TRAILER PAGE For More Featured App Videos.
Subscribe   -- Subscribe to our Reader Follow @appchronicles App Chronicles on Facebook NoteWorthy Price Drops App Name: The Amazing Spider-man Platforms: Universal Price Change: $0.
99, 86% OFF! (Was $6.
99) Download App Name: Clear Platforms: iPhone OS Price Change: $0.
99, 66% OFF! (Was $2.
99) Download App Search Game Guides Tiny Tower Walkthrough and Guide Doodle Devil Walkthrough and Solution Cut the Rope Walkthrough and Solution Hoggy Walkthrough and Solution Hungry Shark Artifact Locations Boxed In 2 Walkthrough and Solutions Iced In Walkthrough and Solutions Tags alternative browsers
Angry Birds
App Store
Chaos Rings
Christmas Apps
Clamcase
Cut the Rope
Doodle Devil
Eternal Legacy
free app contest
free iPhone app contest
Gameloft
Google
GPS Navigators
hero of sparta
Hot New Games
iCloud
Infinity Blade
iOS 5
iOS 5 Tips and Tricks
iPad 2
iPad Apps For Work
iPhone 5
iPhone Calendar
iPhone OS 4.
0
iWork
iWork Suite Review
Jailbreak
Keynote
Location Service
Massively Portable
MMORPG
Monopoly
N.
O.
V.
A.
Numbers
Order and Chaos
Pages
Real Racing 2
RPG
Share Location
Spread Sheet
Star Wars
Steve Jobs
Word Processing
Work &amp; Productivity Engine Valve wholesale wedding jewelry Hot Forging label printer trocar silicone manufacturer hard drive duplicator Web Design HOLLOW WALL ANCHOR Socket set © 2012 App Chronicles.
All Rights Reserved.
This site is not associated with Apple Inc.
or its partners.
iPod, iPhone, and Safari are trademarks of Apple Inc.
/ Privacy Policy / Terms of Use 
