 REALTIME RUMORS, GOSSIP, OPINIONS AND HUMOR FROM THE BEST SPORTS BLOGS SPORTS BLOGGERS! JOIN OUR NETWORK NFL Arizona Cardinals Atlanta Falcons Baltimore Ravens Buffalo Bills Carolina Panthers Chicago Bears Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Dallas Cowboys Denver Broncos Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Kansas City Chiefs Miami Dolphins Minnesota Vikings New England Patriots New Orleans Saints New York Giants New York Jets Oakland Raiders Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers San Diego Chargers San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks St.
Louis Rams Tampa Bay Buccaneers Tennessee Titans Washington Redskins MLB Arizona Diamondbacks Atlanta Braves Baltimore Orioles Boston Red Sox Chicago Cubs Chicago White Sox Cincinnati Reds Cleveland Indians Colorado Rockies Detroit Tigers Houston Astros Kansas City Royals Los Angeles Angels Los Angeles Dodgers Miami Marlins Milwaukee Brewers Minnesota Twins New York Mets New York Yankees Oakland Athletics Philadelphia Phillies Pittsburgh Pirates San Diego Padres San Francisco Giants Seattle Mariners St.
Louis Cardinals Tampa Bay Rays Texas Rangers Toronto Blue Jays Washington Nationals NBA Atlanta Hawks Boston Celtics Brooklyn Nets Charlotte Bobcats Chicago Bulls Cleveland Cavaliers Dallas Mavericks Denver Nuggets Detroit Pistons Golden State Warriors Houston Rockets Indiana Pacers Los Angeles Clippers Los Angeles Lakers Memphis Grizzlies Miami Heat Milwaukee Bucks Minnesota Timberwolves New Orleans Hornets New York Knicks Oklahoma City Thunder Orlando Magic Philadelphia 76ers Phoenix Suns Portland Trail Blazers Sacramento Kings San Antonio Spurs Toronto Raptors Utah Jazz Washington Wizards NHL Anaheim Ducks Boston Bruins Buffalo Sabres Calgary Flames Carolina Hurricanes Chicago Blackhawks Colorado Avalanche Columbus Blue Jackets Dallas Stars Detroit Red Wings Edmonton Oilers Florida Panthers Los Angeles Kings Minnesota Wild Montreal Canadiens Nashville Predators New Jersey Devils New York Islanders New York Rangers Ottawa Senators Philadelphia Flyers Phoenix Coyotes Pittsburgh Penguins San Jose Sharks St.
Louis Blues Tampa Bay Lightning Toronto Maple Leafs Vancouver Canucks Washington Capitals Winnipeg Jets NCAAF NCAAB MMA FANTASY MORE.
.
.
Action Sports All Sports Arena Football Beach Volleyball Boxing CFL Cricket Cycling Eating Entertainment Figure Skating Formula One Golf Gymnastics Horse Racing Hunting &amp; Fishing IndyCar Lacrosse Motocross Motor Sports NASCAR Olympics Poker Rugby Skateboarding Skiing Snowboarding Soccer Softball Surfing Swimming Tennis Track and Field Triathlon WNBA WWE FORUMS TICKETS TAUNTR BLOGGERS Yardbarker, Inc.
Privacy Policy   Last Updated: May 7, 2006 About Yardbarker Yardbarker is a social media network for sports fans.
The site lets people discover relevant sports content submitted by other community members.
To accomplish this, our users create their own profiles, which display some personal information to other members and visitors.
This allows our users to identify each other and expand their personal network of contacts.
Yardbarker members can change their profile information at any time and can control how other members and the service communicates with them.
Yardbarker cares deeply about online privacy.
If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please email us at info@yardbarker.
com.
Information Collection and Use by Yardbarker Yardbarker collects user submitted information such as name, email address, and age to authenticate users and to send notifications to those users relating to the Yardbarker service.
Yardbarker also collects other profile data including but not limited to: personal interests, gender, age, and geographical location in order to assist users in finding and communicating with each other.
Yardbarker also logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, cookie information, and browser type, from users and visitors to the site.
This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services.
This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members.
User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes User Profile information including members' pictures, user names, and first names are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the Yardbarker social networking community.
Email addresses are used for the purposes of inviting new friends to join Yardbarker, to add users to members' contacts networks, and to send notifications related to the service.
With the exception of inviting friends, adding friends, and notifications, a user's email address is not shared or displayed to people within a user's personal network.
Users within a personal network communicate on Yardbarker with each other through the Yardbarker service, without disclosing their email addresses.
Users' full names are never directly revealed to other members.
We may also use a user's email address to send updates, a newsletter, or news regarding the service, though users may choose not to receive email of this type.
From time to time, Yardbarker or a partner, may sponsor a promotion, sweepstake or contest on Yardbarker.
Users may be asked to provide personal information including name, email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate.
We may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from.
It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply.
Invitations and Other Communications to Non-members Yardbarker members can invite friends to join the service by sending invitation emails via our automated invitation system.
Yardbarker stores the email addresses that members provide so that the respondents may be added to the friend's list of the member sending the invitations, and also to send reminders of the invitations.
Yardbarker does not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides invitations, invitation reminders (up to three (3) per email address).
Recipients of invitations from Yardbarker may contact Yardbarker to request the removal of their information from our database.
You may prevent Yardbarker email invitations and other messages from being sent to any email address you control by sending a single email with the subject "BLOCK INVITE" to info@yardbarker.
com.
Please note that the email must come from the account you wish to block.
Use of Cookies Yardbarker uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same promotions and advertisements, and to customize newsletter, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information.
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however, you must enable cookies from Yardbarker in order to use most functions on the site.
Links Yardbarker contains links to sites.
Yardbarker is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites.
When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site.
Our privacy policy only governs information collected on Yardbarker.
Chat Rooms, Message Boards, and Public Forums Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to Journals, WebLogs, Message Boards, Classifieds or any other Public Forum that that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications.
Correcting/Updating or Removing Information Yardbarker users may modify or remove any of their personal information at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Edit Profile and Account Info.
Third Party Advertising Ads appearing on this Web site may be delivered to users by Yardbarker or one of our Web advertising partners.
Our Web advertising partners may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement.
In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on.
This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Yardbarker and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
If you'd like to opt out of any data collection in regards to our advertisements, please go here: http://www.
networkadvertising.
org Security Yardbarker member accounts are secured by member-created passwords.
Yardbarker takes precautions to insure that member account information is kept private.
We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff.
Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of member account information.
Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time.
For any additional information about the security measures we use on Yardbarker, please contact us at info@yardbarker.
com.
Sharing and Disclosure of Information Yardbarker Collects Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, Yardbarker will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by Yardbarker, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the Yardbarker Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service.
For more information see the "Changes in Our Privacy Policy" section below.
In the Event of Merger, Sale, or Bankruptcy In the event that Yardbarker is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.
In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
Special Note to International Users Yardbarker is hosted in the United States and are intended for and directed to Users in the United States.
If you are a User accessing Yardbarker from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of Yardbarker, which are governed by U.
S.
law, this Privacy Notice, and our Terms of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
Changes in Our Privacy Policy From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy If we make changes, we will post them on our site to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it.
A User is bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days.
Contacting the Web Site If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us at: info@yardbarker.
com (625 2nd Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco CA 94105).
  Latest Rumors Cribbs' family wants him to retire? Pro boxer reveals he is gay Tomlin wanted to sign Vick? Plax still thinks he could help Jets World Peace: 'White' Nash is smartest Laker Breaking down the Atlantic 10 TV deal Dolphins' progress cause for hope Joe Johnson's new role with the Nets Early Analysis: West Virginia vs.
Texas Meeting of the Minds: What's your ultimate college football road trip? Disappointing season, but future looks bright for Dodgers Increased budget could make Jays a free agent player Hamilton's dropped pop symbolizes Rangers' blown division lead Handful of breakout stars couldn't prevent Arizona's 'mediocre' season Rockies need better starting pitching Georgia vs South Carolina: Ball Security A Key For The Bulldogs Another loss for the New York Jets New Buffalo Bills signings this week to practice squad Buffalo Bills Key Injuries going into San Francisco BroncosRants: Denver Broncos vs New England Patriots 5 Keys To Focus On GIFterpiece Theatre: Nicki Minaj and Mariah Carey square off Astros C has awful slide into second Rapper Machine Gun Kelly got hilariously kicked out of Microsoft store Fraser-Volpe Mariner binoculars always offer a smooth view Lolo Jones is so self-absorbed she’s oblivious to the world around her Today's Best Stuff Yardbarker Barklogs Most Popular Stories Athlete Blogs Mobile Apps The Morning Bark For Bloggers Join the Yardbarker Network (YBN) for more promotion, traffic, and money.
Join the YBN YBNMedia For Advertisers For Publishers YBN Roster YBN Widget YBN Blog Company Info About Yardbarker Jobs at Yardbarker YB T-Shirt Store Yardbarker Blog Help Frequent Questions Using Yardbarker Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us What is Yardbarker? Yardbarker is the largest network of sports blogs and pro athlete blogs on the web.
This site is the hub of the Yardbarker Network, where our editors and algorithms curate the best sports content from our network and beyond.
Find out more Follow us on Twitter 
