 Customer Service FAQs About My Account Create a New Account Update My Account My Order History Order Tracking My Payments Manage My Subscriptions Policies Our 100% Guarantee Return Policy Return Express Return Shipping Instructions International Returns &amp; Exchanges Security Policy Privacy Policy Knives Policy Air Rifles Policy Shipping Policy US Shipping Rates Track Your Order Expedited Shipping P.
O.
Box or APO/FPO Address AK, HI, PR, and US Territories Extra Shipping Charges DirectShip Ship To Store International Orders Countries We Ship to International Rates Sierra International Sites International Restrictions Custom, Tariffs, Duties Our International Efforts Payment Options Payment Methods We Accept Paypal Information Bill Me Later Information Google Wallet Trusted Partners Gift Cards Email and Coupon Programs Signup for DealFlyer Signup for MyUpdates Manage MyUpdates Promotions and Sales Unsubscribe from an email Deal Flyers, Sales and Discounts Sierra Trading Post Coupons Product Information Resources Product Buying Guides Size Chart Footwear Fit Tips Fabric Care Glossary of Terms Customer Service› Policies Our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee When you do business with Sierra Trading Post, you're getting the best guarantee out there.
If you are not happy with your purchase for any reason, please return it to us as soon as possible.
Products returned within six (6) months of the order date will be refunded by original payment method Products returned six (6) months or more after the order date will be refunded by gift card If we make a mistake in filling your order, we will gladly refund the shipping charges Learn more about our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee Send all Returns to: Sierra Trading Post Attn: Returns 5025 Campstool Rd Cheyenne, WY 82007-1898 Return Policy Products returned within six (6) months of the order date will be refunded by original payment method Products returned six (6) months or more after the order date will be refunded by gift card If we make a mistake in filling your order, we will gladly refund the shipping charges If you use the Return Label included with your original order, a return shipping fee of $5.
95 will be charged for all merchandise returned for a refund, replacement or for an exchange within the 48 contiguous U.
S.
A return shipping fee of $9.
95 will be charged for AK, HI, all U.
S.
territories and possessions.
This fee covers return shipping from you to us.
Shipping of Exchange products from our warehouse to you is $2.
95 for all addresses in the 48 contiguous U.
S.
(excludes AK, HI).
Send all Returns to: Sierra Trading Post Attn: Returns 5025 Campstool Rd Cheyenne, WY 82007-1898 PayPal Returns &amp; Exchanges Returns &amp; Exchanges for orders made through PayPal are different than our normal return policies.
Returns must be made within six (6) months in order to obtain the return credit back into your PayPal account.
Returns made after six (6) months will be issued a store credit.
Exchanges cannot be accepted - if you need to make an exchange, we can give you a refund or store credit for your return and then we recommend that you place a new order for the item you want.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
DirectShip Items Only – 60 - Day Return Policy and Return Process Do not return DirectShip items to Sierra Trading Post.
DirectShip items must be returned within 60 days to the vendor for your return to be processed and a refund or exchange to be issued.
Please follow the instructions below.
Contact Sierra Trading Post Customer Service and tell them that you want to return a DirectShip item Please give the representative the reason(s) for return Request a Return Label be sent Repack the item and attach the Return Label The shipping company will pick up the item Customer pays a return shipping fee equal to the original shipping cost on all returned DirectShip items, unless the product was sent in error, damaged during shipping or is defective (to be determined during the return process) A credit (less any return shipping fees) will only be issued after the item has been inspected and the return process is completed by the vendor Return Options Sierra Trading Post offers you two options for returning merchandise to us for exchanges, replacements or refunds: Return Express (you must create/log into My Account) and Traditional Returns.
Addresses within the contiguous 48 U.
S.
benefit from our low $5.
95 return shipping fee ($9.
95 AK, HI, all U.
S.
possessions and territories).
This fee covers shipping from you to us.
Replacement or Exchange products will be shipped from our warehouse to your address for $2.
95 (contiguous 48 U.
S.
only.
Excludes AK, HI and all U.
S.
possessions and territories).
Outside the U.
S.
? View our international return and exchange information.
Return Express - Receive Instant Credit for Replacement Products Use Return Express; it's the fastest way to process return, exchange and replacement orders.
When you use your Return Express instant store credit within seven (7) days you also receive $2.
95 Replacement Shipping ($2.
95 Shipping is valid for addresses in the contiguous 48 United States only.
Excludes AK, HI.
, all U.
S.
territories and possessions.
Excludes all International Orders).
Orders placed in the last 6 months are eligible for Return Express.
Use Return Express now &gt; Traditional Return, Replacement or Exchange If you prefer a Traditional Return, simply fill out the form on the back of your invoice.
We will process your return after it arrives.
Please follow the Return Shipping instructions to ensure prompt service.
To Request an Exchange, use one of these three options.
Fill out the Exchange form on the back of your invoice Email CustomerService@sierratradingpost.
com Request an exchange by phone by calling toll-free 1.
800.
713.
4534 (Mon.
-Fri.
5am-10pm.
Sat.
7am-4pm MT) Send all Returns to: Sierra Trading Post Attn: Returns 5025 Campstool Rd Cheyenne, WY 82007-1898 Return Shipping Instructions Your satisfaction is our #1 priority.
If you need to make a return, replacement or exchange, please follow the directions to ensure a prompt return and quick replacement, exchange, or refund.
Please clean any garments and repack items in sturdy packaging.
Please include a copy of your invoice.
If you do not have your invoice, please enclose your Customer Number, Full Name and Billing Address with your return package.
Enclosing this information helps us expedite your return.
Use the UPS label provided in your package to ship your return.
For Returns Express users, you may print one during the Return Express process.
If you use the Return Label included with your original order, a return shipping fee of $5.
95 will be charged for all returns within the 48 contiguous U.
S.
A return shipping fee of $9.
95 will be charged for AK, HI, all U.
S.
territories and possesions.
This fee covers return shipping from you to us.
Shipping from us to you on any exchange or replacement order is $2.
95.
Drop the package off at any UPS drop-off location.
Visit http://www.
ups.
com and select the Locations Tab to find a drop-off location near you.
If you need to use an alternate carrier for the return, use the return address label to the right and make sure that your package is prepaid and insured.
COD packages will not be accepted.
Shipping on your exchange order is $2.
95 within the contiguous U.
S.
A.
(excludes AK, HI, and all U.
S.
territories and possessions).
All international exchange orders will be charged a shipping fee consistent with the order amount being exchanged.
Send all Returns to: Sierra Trading Post Attn: Returns 5025 Campstool Rd Cheyenne, WY 82007-1898 International Returns &amp; Exchanges For more information on International Shipping and Returns, please click here.
Send all Returns to: Sierra Trading Post Attn: Returns 5025 Campstool Rd Cheyenne, WY 82007-1898 Security Policy Please do not use email to send us your credit card information.
Email communication is not secure.
At Sierra Trading Post, the security of your personal information is our top priority.
We insure confidentiality and security in three ways.
Personal Information Personal information, including your credit card number, is encrypted and sent only over secure Internet lines.
While using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, your Microsoft Internet Explorer or Firefox browser will let you know when the line is secure.
Internet Explorer and Firefox use a "lock" icon for their browsers.
These "locks" will appear on the browser when using a secure line.
On both browsers the "http:" pre-fix will read "https:" when accessing a secure server.
If these indicators are present, you can be confident of a secure data transaction.
Credit Card information We do not store complete credit card information on our web server.
Once your order is placed, we send the order to our main order processing system using a "one-way" private network.
If you choose to have us safely store your credit card number on our web server for future ordering convenience, we will only store partial information.
If you choose not to store your credit card information with us, it will be deleted entirely from our web records.
PCI Compliance We take your financial security seriously and are confident that we have made shopping on our website safe for all customers.
We are compliant with the rigorous security requirements set by the PCI (Payment Card Industry) and have been certified PCI compliant by non-affiliated, third party licensing companies.
We employ various firewalls and other security tactics to keep your information secure.
While there is some risk inherent in every Internet transaction, you can rest assured that we are working overtime to ensure that risk is minimal.
If you are still unsure about the security of your information or if you use a browser that does not support SSL technology, please call us toll free with your information at 1-800-713-4534 or fax us at 1-800-378-8946.
Privacy Policy Sierra Trading Post Privacy Policy effective 03/26/12.
Your privacy is important to us here at Sierra Trading Post.
Personal Information When you place an order or ask to be on our mailing list via any of our platforms, we will ask for your name, address, phone number and email address.
We will also ask for your credit card information when you place an order.
We maintain an in-house record of your purchases, including credit card information, for research and problem resolution.
We do not store complete credit card information on our web server.
Automatically Collected Information When you visit our site or download any of our mobile applications, some information, such as your domain name, browser type and referral information is collected automatically.
This information is used solely for the purpose of monitoring the traffic our site is generating.
This gives us valuable information on which pages are visited most frequently, and which outside links are being utilized most.
We use this data to improve the site and your shopping experience.
We do not monitor navigation patterns outside of our site, but we do gather information on referral sites that send visitors to us.
Email Addresses We do not rent, share, or exchange our customers' email addresses.
Email addresses voluntarily given to us or collected from email comments are never shared.
We do use these addresses for our own electronic marketing purposes, but only with your consent.
Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in every promotional email.
Cell Phone Numbers We do not rent, share or exchange our customers' cell phone numbers.
Cell phone numbers voluntarily given to us are used for marketing purposes only, and only with your consent.
Change Preferences for Catalogs and Email Offers To sign up, unsubscribe or change your preferences for email promotions: When you register, request a catalog, or place an order for the first time, your mailing address will be automatically added to our paper-catalog mailing list.
From time to time this mailing list is shared and traded with other responsible businesses.
You may request that we add your name to our catalog mailing list but not share this information with others.
You may also request that your name be removed from our mailing list.
For questions or changes regarding privacy or your mailing-list status, you can also call us toll free at 1-800-713-4534 or fax us at 1-800-378-8946.
Online options include emailing us at CustomerService@SierraTradingPost.
com or visiting our customer service section of the website.
Registered customers can edit email and catalog mailing preferences by accessing their account here: My Account or Create a New Account To sign up, unsubscribe, or change your preferences for email promotions Social Media Sierra Trading Post uses social media to build a relationship with our customers.
We primarily use Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and YouTube.
Sometimes, we use the content you share with us for marketing purposes.
We won't ever include your profile image without your specific consent.
Sierra Trading Post regularly runs contests using applications allowed by Facebook, Twitter and YouTube.
When we run contests requiring your email address for entry, we may allow you to sign up for our promotional or newsletter email programs, but we don't rent, share or exchange customer email addresses.
We will give you the option, always, to opt out of receiving future email messages from us.
Your chances for winning a contest are no greater or no lesser if you opt in or out of the email program.
We will send you an email message to notify you when you win the contest(s).
When we run contests requiring personal information, we apply our personal information and cell phone policies.
We do not rent, share or exchange that information.
Mobile Applications We do not rent, share, access or exchange our customers' cell phone numbers, personally identifying data stored on your phone without permission.
When you download any of our mobile applications, we do not access or transmit any information stored on your device without your explicit permission.
If we detect that the application has crashed, you may be given the option to send information about the crash to our development team to help us improve our application.
No personally identifying information or data will be transmitted from your device without your prior consent.
We do use Google Analytics to track anonymous usage data.
This helps us understand what products and categories are customer favorites.
Cookies Cookies: We do use cookie technology.
Cookies are pieces of information planted on your computer by our web server.
These cookies are used for shopping cart identification, referral tracking, and to track your navigation patterns through our site.
Shopping baskets are created and stored on our web server.
The cookie identifies which shopping basket belongs to each individual customer.
These cookies give us information on what site sent you to us and what pages you are viewing on the site.
You will not be able to order if cookies are disabled.
3rd Party Privacy Policies Some of our third party partners such as Google and PayPal may have their own privacy policy and use terms.
Please read them carefully before using their services.
Sierra Trading Post 5025 Campstool Road Cheyenne, WY 82007-1898 Phone: 1-800-713-4534 Monday-Friday 5 a.
m.
-10 p.
m.
MDT.
Saturday 7 a.
m.
-10 p.
m.
MDT.
Email: CustomerService@SierraTradingPost.
com Fax: 1-800-378-8946 Live Chat Now Open 24/7 Knives Policy The sale of certain knives, including without limitation "dangerous knives," is restricted by some federal, state, and local laws.
When you purchase or order a knife from Sierra Trading Post by any method, you represent and agree to the following conditions of purchase: You are of legal age to purchase the knife ordered, and that knife can be legally purchased and possessed by you under your applicable local, state, county, city, and federal laws.
You understand and agree that Sierra Trading Post does not offer any guarantee of performance or expectation, and that the knife by its very nature may be dangerous and potentially lethal.
You assume all risks associated with ownership and use of the knife, and will not hold Sierra Trading Post responsible or liable for any injury resulting from ownership, use, misuse, or defect.
You will not use any knife purchased from Sierra Trading Post for an unlawful purpose.
Air Rifles Policy The sale of air rifles is restricted by some federal, state and local laws.
When you order or purchase an air rifle from Sierra Trading Post by any method, you represent by your actions as a condition of purchase that: 1.
You are of legal age to purchase the air rifle ordered, and that the rifle can be legally purchased and possessed by you under your applicable Local, State, County, City and Federal laws.
The following states have some type of age restriction regarding the sale to minors; DE MA PA IL CA FL NH NY NJ RI ID CO OK IA HI AK NC MS.
2.
You understand and agree that air rifles by its very nature may be dangerous and potentially lethal.
You assume all risks associated with ownership and use of the rifle, and will not hold STP responsible or liable for any injury resulting from ownership, use, misuse, or defect.
3.
You will not use any air rifle purchased from STP for an unlawful purpose.
Bicycles Policy (48 contiguous U.
S.
only) A handling and inspection charge of $40 will be charged for the shipment of all bicycles.
All bikes are preassembled by a certified bike mechanic to ensure bicycle is complete and functioning properly.
Components and wheels are adjusted, and the bike is test ridden before being disassembled and prepped for shipping.
Bicycles should be reassembled by a qualified bicycle mechanic.
Must ship UPS Ground within the 48 contiguous U.
S.
only.
Not eligible for special shipping offers.
Boats, Kayaks and Canoes Policy (48 contiguous U.
S.
only) All of Sierra Trading Post boats are cosmetic 2nds and may come with minor blemishes, not unlike those that are the result of one or more outings.
To ensure your satisfaction, please remove all packaging material immediately upon arrival, and inspect for damage prior to signing acceptance form from carrier.
Note any damage on carrier's document, and contact Sierra Trading Post with any problems.
Due to the weight and size, a $100.
00 shipping charge is automatically applied.
Must ship via truck within the 48 contiguous U.
S.
only.
Not eligible for special shipping offers.
Climbing Gear Policy Climbing and other related activities are inherently dangerous; anyone purchasing or using equipment for this purpose is personally responsible for getting proper instruction on its correct and safe use.
Food Policy Due to varying international restrictions, Sierra Trading Post cannot ship food i.
e.
dehydrated, camping, pet foods or treats and packaged food outside of the U.
S.
Food is restricted to U.
S.
Shipments only.
Fuel (for lanterns, lighters, stoves, etc.
) Policy Fuel contained within certain products restrict them from being sold online and shipped outside of the 48 contiguous U.
S.
Shipping restrictions prevent us from selling fuel and/or flammables online.
Must ship UPS Ground within the 48 contiguous U.
S.
only.
Exotic Leather Restrictions Policy We cannot ship products made of certain materials outside the U.
S.
Additionally, some states restrict the sale of exotic leathers.
Our product webpages state any applicable restrictions on the shipping of that product.
Our current restrictions are: U.
S.
Shipments Only: We cannot ship these exotic leathers outside the U.
S.
: American Alligator, Anteater (Pangolin), Antelope, Caiman, Crocodile, Deer, Elk, Frog, Hippo, Kangaroo, Lizard, Moose, Ostrich, Sea Turtle, Shark, Stingray, Toad We cannot ship certain materials to California and outside the U.
S.
including: Elephant, Python, Cobra and Western Rattlesnake Sierra SocialHub Blog Facebook YouTube Pinterest Twitter Google+ Outdoor Categories Luggage Sunglasses Backpacks Tents Sleeping Bags Men's Hiking Boots Women's Hiking Boots Cycling Shoes Outdoor Brands New Balance Marmot Asolo Carhartt Merrell ExOfficio The North Face Teva About Our Company About Us Outlet Stores Press Room Careers Affiliate Program Developer Network Privacy Policy STP Credit Card Shopping Refer friends get $$! MyUpdates Buying Guides Gift Ideas Gift Cards Currencies &amp; Languages View our Catalogs Site Map Customer Support Customer Service Live Chat Satisfaction Guarantee Exchanges &amp; Returns Shipping Rates Order Tracking Glossary Size Charts Exclusive Email Only Specials! Copyright 2012, Sierra Trading Post, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Customers have saved a total of $355,740.
00 today! That's an average savings of 59%! Get $10 for each friend you refer and Give them a $10 gift! 1.
800.
713.
4534 Live Chat My Account View My Account Track My Order View Order History $10, Invite Friends Log In 0 Messages Wishlist 0 Clothing Men's Clothing Jackets &amp; Coats Shirts Pants Sweatshirts &amp; Sweaters Accessories Underwear &amp; Base Layer Suits &amp; Sport Coats Shorts Socks Vests Sleepwear &amp; Robes Overalls &amp; Coveralls Swimwear Women's Clothing Jackets &amp; Coats Shirts Pants Sweatshirts &amp; Sweaters Accessories Underwear &amp; Base Layer Dresses Sleepwear &amp; Robes Skirts Socks Swimwear Vests Shorts Pant Suits &amp; Dress Suits Kids' Clothing Kids' Outerwear Tops Kids' Outerwear Bottoms Kids' Accessories Kids' Tops Kids' Bottoms New Items &amp; More On Sale Now New Items Clearance Shoes Men's Footwear Shoes Boots Slip-Ons Socks Sandals Slippers Footwear Accessories Women's Footwear Shoes Sandals Boots Clogs &amp; Slip-Ons Socks Slippers Footwear Accessories Kids' Footwear Kids' Shoes Kids' Boots Kids' Sandals Kids' Slippers Kids' Socks Kids' Footwear Accessories New Items &amp; More On Sale Now New Items Clearance Sports &amp; Outdoors Outdoor Gear Camping &amp; Hiking Luggage Sunglasses Water Sports Hunting Gear Fishing Snow Sports Climbing Cycling Triathlon Gear Pet Gear Motorsports Sporting Goods Skate &amp; Surf Running &amp; Fitness Golf Baseball &amp; Softball Tennis &amp; Racquetball Basketball Games and Toys New Items &amp; More On Sale Now New Items Clearance For The Home Luggage Backyard Bedding Window Treatment Kitchen Rugs Pet Supplies Bath Décor Furnishings Storage Electronics Blankets &amp; Throws Picnic Games and Toys New Items &amp; More On Sale Now New Items Clearance Bargain Barn Clothing Shoes Sports &amp; Outdoors For The Home New Items &amp; More New Items On Sale Now Clearance Top Brands Acorn Asics Asolo Brooks Carhartt Chaco Columbia Sportswear Dansko Earth Ecco ExOfficio Gramicci Keen Kelty Lowe Alpine Marmot Merrell Mountain Hardwear New Balance prAna Saucony Teva The North Face Vasque White Sierra Woolrich See All Brands An Extra 20% OFF orders $100+ Enter Keycode SITEWOW1012 at Checkout! See Details International Translation &amp; Conversion You can now view our prices in any of these available currencies! $0.
00 USD 0.
00 AED 0.
00 ARS 0,00 AUD 0.
00 BBD 0.
00 BDT 0.
00 BHD 0.
000 BND 0,00 BOB 0,00 BRL 0,00 BTN 0.
00 BZD 0.
00 CAD 0.
00 CHF 0.
00 CLP 0 CNY 0.
00 COP 0,00 CRC 0,00 DKK 0,00 DOP 0.
00 EGP 0.
00 EUR 0,00 GBP 0.
00 GTQ 0.
00 GYD 0.
00 HKD 0.
00 HNL 0.
00 HTG 0.
00 HUF 0,00 ILS 0.
00 INR 0.
00 ISK 0 JMD 0.
00 JOD 0.
000 JPY 0 KRW 0 KWD 0.
000 LKR 0.
00 MNT 0,00 MXN 0.
00 NIO 0.
00 NOK 0,00 NPR 0.
00 NZD 0.
00 OMR 0.
000 PAB 0.
00 PEN 0.
00 PHP 0.
00 PLN 0,00 PYG 0 QAR 0.
00 SAR 0.
00 SCR 0.
00 SEK 0,00 SGD 0.
00 THB 0.
00 TRY 0.
00 TTD 0.
00 TWD 0.
00 UYU 0,00 VEF 0.
00 XCD 0.
00 *For reference only see details You can now translate our site to more than 50 languages.
Image text will not be translated.
