 GigaOM   Home Jobs Finance Tables and Charts Events paidContent 50   Aug 22, 2006 - 1:10AM Privacy Breach Costs AOL CTO, Two Others Their Jobs; Privacy Taskforce Started By Staci D.
Kramer Tweet Email This Updated: AOL CTO Maureen Govern, who came on board last September, is out the door following the release of search data that could be traced… Updated: AOL CTO Maureen Govern, who came on board last September, is out the door following the release of search data that could be traced to individuals, according to WSJ Reuters, citing an internal memo.
(Note: I saw it first on Reuters; I found out later the Journal published first.
) Former CTO John McKinley is returning to that post.
Despite Reuters’ use of the word “accidentally” the release of the info may have been intemperate but it was intentional; those involved did not consider the full consequences of posting material for research.
Also leaving following the breach: a researcher in the technology research department and that researcher’s supervisor.
– USA Today has posted two internal memos (via AOL PR) from Chairman Jon Miller: “… it was disheartening to see so much good work destroyed by a single act.
… This incident took place because some employees did not exercise good judgment or review their proposal with our privacy team.
We are taking appropriate action with the employees who were responsible.
But more importantly, we are taking a number of additional steps, on top of our strong existing security systems, to help ensure this type of incident never happens again.
” – One step is the creation of a taskforce headed by AOL Vice Chairman Ted Leonsis and AOL General Counsel Randy Boe to review customer information privacy policy.
– The moves followed the filing of two complaints with the FTC.
WSJ: “The firings come after weeks of negative publicity in connection with the disclosure, which AOL said was a mistake.
” (Note: The Journal now has a correction saying the CTO was not fired; the other two were dismissed.
) NYT: Kevin Bankston, a lawyer for EFF, one of the groups that complained: “Staffing changes aren’t going to get to the root of this problem.
… It’s a problem that reaches to the whole search industry and not just AOL.
” Comments Off Hot in Media States’ ebook settlement: Preliminary approval, and a 2013 hearing 09/17/2012 Piracy may be commonplace, but music’s outlook is improving 09/17/2012 Kobo partners with Livraria Cultura to sell e-readers in Brazil 09/15/2012 Top jobs of the week in digital media 09/15/2012 Deutsche Telekom, Bertelsmann invest in a German content factory 09/14/2012 Search for: Related Warner Bros targets hundreds of Amazon sellers over DVD piracy A recent wave of lawsuits show that Time Warner is getting more aggressive in targeting DVD rings.
.
.
In internet time, two months = nearly eight years My two-month contract gig at paidContent turned into eight years of covering the economics of digital media.
.
.
Top digital exec leaves News Corp ahead of company’s split Jon Miller, the well-respected chief digital officer of News Corp, is on the way out after presiding.
.
.
See More Related Stories For: aol / companies / paidcontent / time warner {"source":"http:\/\/paidcontent.
org\/wijax\/8af4d07b58048cd6d80389a624069eb1","varname":"wijax_d683dd7469979d53459b32b849e7adff","title_element":"h2","title_class":"widgettitle","title_before":"%3Ch2%20class%3D%22widgettitle%22%3E","title_after":"%3C%2Fh2%3E%0A"} Read more in GigaOM A Google book deal is good for everyone — except maybe Amazon Stay on top of tech news in your inbox Get a daily roundup of news and analysis about everything tech (see a sample): Subscribe You're on the list Congratulations! You can customize your newsletter here.
  Events Pro Research GigaOM TV Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Editorial Team Media Kit Contact © GigaOM Powered by WordPress.
com VIP   News Events GigaOM Research Jobs Click to log in with: LinkedIn Twitter Facebook WordPress.
com GigaOM Pro Not you? Remember me Comment as guest: By continuing you are agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Submitting comment.
.
.
Click to log in with: LinkedIn Twitter Facebook WordPress.
com GigaOM Pro results 
