 Procter &amp; Gamble Skip to main content Search Investor Relations Careers Partners &amp; Suppliers WORLDWIDE SITES P&amp;G Privacy Notice Scope This Privacy Notice applies to information, including personal information, collected about you by P&amp;G (The Procter &amp; Gamble Company and its affiliated companies and subsidiaries) Information We Collect Click here for more information We collect information about you from a variety of sources, including: Information we collect from you directly.
Information we collect about you when you visit our site, use our services, or view our online advertisements.
Information we collect about you from other sources, such as commercially available sources.
All the information we collect about you may be combined to help us tailor our communications to you and to develop world-class products and services.
Uses / Information Sharing Click here for more information We use the information we collect to provide the products and services you request, to tell you about other products and services offered by P&amp;G, and to manage our sites and services.
In general, we do not share your personal information with third-party marketers, unless we have asked for and obtained your explicit consent.
We may share your information: With our third-party service suppliers, including those who work on behalf of P&amp;G and our business partners to send you joint communications that we hope you find of interest.
If a P&amp;G brand is sold to another company.
To protect and defend the right and property of P&amp;G (including enforcing our Terms and Conditions).
When required by law, and / or public authorities.
Your Choices Click here for more information We give you choices about how we communicate with you.
You can stop receiving promotional email or postal communications from a particular P&amp;G brand or program through this Privacy Notice.
Please click here to select your country and learn how to complete your request.
Click here
to select your country and learn how to access and update the contact information you provided P&amp;G.
Important Information P&amp;G is committed to working with consumers to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy.
P&amp;G complies with country data protection laws.
We cooperate with country data protection authorities if they believe a privacy problem has occurred.
We participate in the US Council of Better Business Bureau's (BBB) Accredited Business Program and BBB EU Safe Harbor Dispute Resolution.
How to Contact Us To contact us with a question click here(for country specific addresses) Or write to us at: P&amp;G Global Privacy Team PO Box 599 Cincinnati, OH 45202 USA To read our full Consumer Privacy Statement click here.
To read our Global Privacy Policy click here.
Click here to view Answers to Frequently Asked Questions Facebook Facebook Twitter YouTube Subscriptions Touching lives, improving life.
P&amp;G™ Contact Us Consumer Relations Product Coupons and Promotions Terms and Conditions Privacy Notice © 2012 Procter &amp; Gamble.
All claims valid only in the U.
S.
