
Food Gifts | Gourmet Sausage &amp; Cheese Food Gift Baskets | Hickory Farms Close x Questions? Call 800.
753.
8558   Log In Track Order Cart (0, $0.
00) Sausage &amp; Cheese Baskets &amp; Towers Nuts Fruit HoneyGold® Ham Sweets Essentials Military Gifts Specials Business Gifts $25 &amp; Under $40 &amp; Under $50 &amp; Under Over $50 We may share your peronally-identifiable information, including your name, address, e-mail address, as well as a record of any transaction you conduct on our website or offline with us with a third-party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver to you banner advertisements and other advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain websites.
Our advertising partner will make the data we provide anonymous.
To choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partner click here.
If you request additional information or make an online purchase from us, you may receive e-mail from us about online specials and other events.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at the above address and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.
We never sell or trade e-mail addresses with companies outside the Hickory Farms family of brands, which includes Pfaelzer Brothers.
If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events.
You will be given an opportunity to decline our mail services at checkout.
If you do not want to receive mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail.
Also, you may receive mailings from other reputable companies.
You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by sending an e-mail to us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address.
We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with organizations other than the Hickory Farms brands listed above.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online, new products and services, or upcoming events.
If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address.
Any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
800.
753.
8558 Hickory Farms Canada Gift Certificates Privacy Share Our Strength Site Map Employment Terms of Use 
