 AOL Privacy Main Privacy FAQ Preferences Relevant Topics Terms of Service Help AOL Privacy Policy Highlights This notice provides highlights of the full privacy policy and covers the collection and use of information when you use AOL branded websites, services, and software, as well as many websites owned by or affiliated with AOL and operating under different names.
Para leer este documento en español haz clic aquí.
Personal Information We collect personal information when you make your information known, such as by registering, authenticating, making purchases, or interacting with AOL.
If you do not make yourself known to AOL, your use of our content and services is generally anonymous.
How we use your Information Your AOL information is used to operate and improve our services, fulfill your requests and communicate with you, conduct research, and personalize the content and advertisements provided to you.
Information Sharing AOL does not share, sell or rent your personal information to third parties.
Your information is shared with third parties with your permission, except in response to legal process.
Internet Advertising Our ability to provide free content and services depends on advertising.
Some of our ads are displayed based on the page visited, but many of our ads are targeted to you based on your interests and other information we have about you.
We want you to understand how internet advertising works and offer resources and choices.
Learn more.
Your Choices You can opt-out of the use of your data for interest-based advertising.
We offer Marketing Preferences to control how we communicate offers to you.
You can control the collection and use of search information.
Registered users can manage their accounts at My Account.
You can view your interest-based segments.
You can manage cookies using browser controls.
Individual products or services may offer additional controls or preferences.
How to Opt-Out You can opt-out of targeted advertising delivered by the AOL Advertising Network.
How to Contact Us AOL Privacy 22000 AOL Way Dulles, VA 20166 privacyquestions@aol.
com Print AOL.
com | Download AOL | Get AIM | Free Email | Advertise with Us | AOL Inc.
| Privacy | Terms of Service | Site Map | About Our Ads AOL.
com is AOL's customizable portal experience on the Web, providing top news, movies, music, weather, finance, sports, horoscopes, an RSS Feed Reader and more; quick and easy access to AOL Mail, AOL Instant Messenger and MapQuest; as well as convenient access to third party services such as eBay, Gmail and Yahoo Mail, Twitter, Facebook and MySpace.
© 2012, AOL Inc.
All rights reserved.
| Help | My Account 
