 Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Email Sign Up Request a Catalog Catalog Quick Shop Customer Service Clothing Women's Tops Pants &amp; Shorts Dresses &amp; Skirts Muumuus Denim Swimwear &amp; Cover Ups Sweaters &amp; Jackets Outerwear Bras &amp; Panties Slips &amp; Camisoles Socks &amp; Hosiery Long Underwear Accessories Footwear Women's Clothing Favorites Falling For Color Dresses &amp; Skirts $39.
99 and Less Men's Shirts &amp; Pants Outerwear Underwear Socks Accessories &amp; Gadgets Footwear Men's Clothing Favorites Loungewear Clothing Favorites New This Season SALE - Clothing Vermont Country Store Sweatshirt Wear Sleepwear Women's Sleepwear New This Season Eileen West Lanz of Salzburg Nightgowns Pajamas Robes Slippers Bras &amp; Panties Long Underwear Slips &amp; Camisoles Socks &amp; Hosiery Flannel Sleepwear Women's Sleepwear Favorites Nightgowns $39.
99 and Less Robes $49.
99 and Less Men's Sleepwear New This Season Nightshirts Pajamas Slippers Robes Socks Underwear Flannel Sleepwear Men's Sleepwear Favorites Shop By Brand Calida Eileen West FeelGood by The Vermont Country Store Lanz of Salzburg Munsingwear Shadowline Vanity Fair Kids' Sleepwear Flannel Sleepwear Loungewear Seersucker Sleepwear Sleepwear Favorites SALE - Sleepwear Food &amp; Candy Candy &amp; Chocolate Nostalgic Treats Chocolates Candy Counter Licorice Mint Candy Bars Pantry &amp; Canned Goods Jams, Syrups &amp; Spreads Soups, Chowders &amp; Stews Breads, Crackers &amp; Snacks Appetizers &amp; Sides Main Courses &amp; Meats Baking &amp; Mixes Oils, Vinegars &amp; Condiments Baked Goods &amp; Desserts Cookies Cakes Pastries Tastes of Vermont International Foods Maple Cheese, Nuts and Fruit Spirited Treats Sugar Free Breakfast Food &amp; Candy Favorites New This Season SALE - Food &amp; Candy For The Home Bed &amp; Bath Flannel Bedding Bedspreads &amp; Comforters Sheets Blankets &amp; Throws Mattress Pads &amp; Pillows Bedding Basics Warm-Weather Bedding Bath Alarm Clocks Kitchen &amp; Dining Table Linens Bakeware &amp; Cookware Drinkware Serveware Food Storage &amp; Prep Kitchen Gadgets Coffee Pots &amp; Teakettles Kitchen Electrics Candles Home Furnishings Chair Coverings Home Accessories Furniture Home Office Lamps Window Treatments Rugs &amp; Mats Household Solutions Laundry &amp; Storage Fans &amp; Heaters Cleaning Tools Cleaning Products Odor Control Pest Control Outdoor Seasonal Solutions Lawn &amp; Garden Christmas Shop Fitness For The Home Favorites New This Season SALE - For The Home Health &amp; Beauty Skin &amp; Body Care Soaps Cosmetics Facial Care Hand, Foot &amp; Nail Care Men's Grooming Moisturize &amp; Protect Powders Hair Removal Hair Care Shampoos &amp; Conditioners Brushes &amp; Styling Accessories Hair Removal Fragrances Fragrances For Her Fragrances For Him Remedies Supplements Personal Care Essentials Sexual Wellness Joint &amp; Arthritis Relief Allergy Relief &amp; Immune Support Health &amp; Beauty Favorites New This Season SALE - Health &amp; Beauty Toys Classic Toys Games Dolls &amp; Plush Fisher Price Toys Favorites Gifts Customer Favorites Gifts For Her Gifts For Him For The Kids Gifts For The Family Gift Cards Gifts Under $25 Gifts Under $50 Gifts Under $100 Yankee Bargains Columbus Day Sale SALE - Sleepwear SALE - Clothing SALE - Food &amp; Candy SALE - For The Home SALE - Health &amp; Beauty Yankee Bargains - New Markdowns Last Chance Final Markdowns Specials of the Week More Ways to Shop Brands From The Past Barclay Metal Figurines Fisher Price Lanz of Salzburg Leon Levin Mosser Glassware Munsingwear Clothing Food &amp; Candy For The Home Health &amp; Beauty Sleepwear Toys, Books &amp; Hobbies Fuller Customer Favorites Fall Favorites 25 Favorites Under $25 Sleepwear Favorites Clothing Favorites Food &amp; Candy Favorites For The Home Favorites Health &amp; Beauty Favorites Toys Favorites Customer Suggested Sleepwear Clothing Food &amp; Candy For The Home Health &amp; Beauty Toys, Books &amp; Hobbies Tried &amp; True Clothing Food &amp; Candy For The Home Health &amp; Beauty Toys, Books &amp; Hobbies Original.
Authentic.
New This Season Sleepwear Clothing Food &amp; Candy For The Home Health &amp; Beauty Made In The USA Favorites Halloween Thanksgiving Traditions Christmas Shop Wedding Gifts Gift Cards Chill Chasers Visit Us About Weston Directions and Hours Area Lodging Bryant House Restaurant Brunch Menu Lunch Menu Dinner Menu About Rockingham Directions and Hours Area Lodging Directions and Hours Area Lodging About Us Visit Us Customer Service Contact Us Live Help Order Status Returns &amp; Exchanges Shipping Information Request a Catalog Suggest a Product Email Signup Questions &amp; FAQs Privacy &amp; Security Fit Guide Site Map Careers Follow Us Sign up for Our Email Promotions Become Our Friend On Facebook Watch Videos From Vermont Country Store View Photos From Vermont Country Store Privacy Policy Introduction This website, http://www.
vermontcountrystore.
com, is owned and operated by The Vermont Country Store.
This Privacy Policy pertains to information collected online via this website, and does not apply to information collected from other sources.
The Vermont Country Store may be contacted by email at customerservice@vermontcountrystore.
com, by phone at 800-547-7849, or by mail at: The Vermont Country Store 5650 Main Street Manchester Center, VT 05255 Information Collected Certain anonymous information is collected automatically by our site.
This information may include visitor domain name, IP address, and referring domain.
This information is tracked in server logs, and may be used for troubleshooting purposes.
Our website also collects aggregate information, such as page views and visits, in an effort to keep our content relevant to our customers.
This information is not customer-specific.
Personal information collected by our site is used for transactional and/or promotional and marketing purposes, and is encrypted using the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol before transmission and storage.
Personal information may include your name, address, and credit card number.
We collect and use such information to better enhance your shopping experience, and for other transactional and promotional purposes, such as to: Process, track, and fulfill your orders Market our products and services Inform you of special offers and promotions Include you in surveys and contests Manage and develop The Vermont Country Store's business and operations Contact you for any other legitimate business purpose We may share your name and address information with certain trusted resources unless you choose to be put on our do-not-share list.
To be put on our do-not-share list, please contact our Customer Service department.
Cookies and Tracking Pixels A Cookie is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer's hard drive.
Cookies allow The Vermont Country Store website to keep track of your order information, such as items placed in your Shopping Bag.
Cookies also allow us to provide customers with a more personalized experience.
Tracking Pixels are small images that are used by the website to identify pages that are being viewed by customers.
No personal data is collected when these images are viewed.
Aggregate data from Tracking Pixels is used to improve the customer experience.
Cookies and Tracking Pixels may be disabled in your browser.
If disabled, however, certain portions of The Vermont Country Store website may not function.
The Vermont Country Store may contract with third parties who may also use Cookies and Tracking Pixels to collect data on our behalf, or to provide services such as credit card processing, shipping, promotional services or data management.
These third parties are prohibited from sharing that information with anyone other than The Vermont Country Store or our partners.
Account Registration To make online shopping easier, you may register for an account on our website.
Information provided by you, such as name and billing address, will be stored securely for future use.
You may access and update this information at any time.
By creating an account and sharing you billing or email address, you will be added to our customer mailing list, and may receive periodic mailings from us.
You may opt out of these mailings at the time of account registration, or by contacting our Customer Service department.
Children’s Privacy Our Web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
California Privacy Rights The Vermont Country Store may from time to time share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
California residents who provide personal information when purchasing products may request information about the customer information shared with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses.
Each consumer may request our direct marketing information once per year, and our response will cover the immediately preceding calendar year.
This information would include the categories of shared customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information.
Policy Changes Changes to this policy may occur in the future.
Changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted to The Vermont Country Store website.
We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.
Need Help? Call us at 1-800-547-7849 for assistance, or click here for live help.
Our Story - Meet the Ortons! Contact Us Visit Our Stores Careers 100% Guarantee Orton Family Foundation Size Chart Order Status Privacy &amp; Security Site Map Gift Cards Suggest a Product The Orton Family Business, Since 1946.
© 2012 The Vermont Country Store 
