 Close Window Print   Go Daddy Civil Subpoena Policy GoDaddy.
com, LLC Civil Subpoena Policy Go Daddy's Privacy Policy prohibits the release of customer or account information without express permission from the customer, except when required by law, to conform to the edicts of the law, or to comply with legal process properly served on Go Daddy or one of its affiliates.
If you seek the identity or account information of a Go Daddy customer in connection with a civil legal matter, you must fax, mail, or serve GoDaddy.
com, LLC with a valid subpoena.
Submission of Subpoenas Go Daddy is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona and all civil subpoenas should be served at that location or mailed to: Compliance Department GoDaddy.
com, LLC 14455 North Hayden Rd.
, Suite 219 Scottsdale, AZ 85260 Alternatively, the civil subpoena can be faxed to: (480) 624-2546 Attn: Compliance Department Notice to Customer and Response Time Upon the receipt of a valid civil subpoena, Go Daddy will promptly notify the customer whose information is sought via e-mail or U.
S.
mail.
If the circumstances do not amount to an emergency, Go Daddy will not immediately produce the customer information sought by the subpoena and will provide the customer an opportunity to move to quash the subpoena in court.
Go Daddy reserves the right to charge an administration fee to the customer by charging the Payment Method the customer has on file with Go Daddy.
Fees for Subpoena Compliance Go Daddy will charge the person or entity submitting the civil subpoena for costs associated with subpoena compliance.
Payment must be made within thirty (30) days from the date of receipt of the Go Daddy invoice.
Checks should be made out to GoDaddy.
com, LLC Go Daddy's subpoena compliance costs are as follows: Research - $75.
00/hour Federal Express - Cost as Billed Copies - $.
25/page Policies Regarding E-mail Go Daddy will not produce the content of e-mail, as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.
S.
C.
§2701 et seq.
, prohibits an electronic communications service provider from producing the contents of electronic communications, even pursuant to subpoena or court order, except in limited circumstances.
Go Daddy's e-mail servers do not retain deleted or sent e-mail.
Go Daddy reserves the right to request a copy of the complaint and any supporting documentation that demonstrates how the Go Daddy e-mail address is related to the pending litigation and the underlying subpoena.
Revised: 8/27/2009 Copyright © 2004-2009 GoDaddy.
com, LLC All Rights Reserved.
close Este Acuerdo traducido se proporciona solamente como una comodidad y no más para facilitar la lectura y la comprensión de la versión en ingles.
El propósito de proporcionar el Acuerdo en idioma extranjero no es para crear un acuerdo jurídicamente vinculante, ni es un substituto para la validez legal de la versión en ingles.
En caso de cualquier controversia o conflicto, la versión en ingles de este Acuerdo en todos los casos gobernará nuestra relación y prevalecerá sobre los términos en cualesquier otro idioma.
Close 
