 Close Window Print   Go Daddy Criminal Subpoena Policy GoDaddy.
com, LLC Criminal Subpoena Policy Go Daddy's Privacy Policy prohibits the release of customer or account information without express permission from the customer, except when required by law, to conform to the edicts of the law, or to comply with legal process properly served on Go Daddy or one of its affiliates.
If you seek the identity or account information of a Go Daddy customer in connection with a criminal matter, and you are a member of the law enforcement community, you must fax, mail, or serve GoDaddy.
com, LLC with a valid subpoena.
Submission of Subpoenas Go Daddy is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona and all criminal subpoenas should be served at that location or mailed to: Compliance Department GoDaddy.
com, LLC 14455 N.
Hayden Road Suite 219 Scottsdale, Arizona 85260 Alternatively, the criminal subpoena can be faxed to: (480) 624-2546 Attn: Compliance Department Policies Regarding Email Go Daddy will not produce the content of e-mail, as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.
S.
C.
§2701 et seq.
, prohibits an electronic communications service provider from producing the contents of electronic communications, even pursuant to subpoena or court order, except in limited circumstances.
Go Daddy's e-mail servers do not retain deleted or sent e-mail.
Go Daddy reserves the right to request a copy of the complaint and any supporting documentation that demonstrates how the Go Daddy e-mail address is related to the pending investigation and the underlying subpoena.
Revised: 11/11/2009 Copyright © 2008-2009 GoDaddy.
com, LLC All Rights Reserved.
close Este Acuerdo traducido se proporciona solamente como una comodidad y no más para facilitar la lectura y la comprensión de la versión en ingles.
El propósito de proporcionar el Acuerdo en idioma extranjero no es para crear un acuerdo jurídicamente vinculante, ni es un substituto para la validez legal de la versión en ingles.
En caso de cualquier controversia o conflicto, la versión en ingles de este Acuerdo en todos los casos gobernará nuestra relación y prevalecerá sobre los términos en cualesquier otro idioma.
Close 
