 Skip Top Navigation Who We Are go to What We're Doing header Leadership Financials Judicial Officer Legal Our History Postal Facts End of sub links What We're Doing go to Newsroom header Transforming Our Business Current Initiatives Securing The Mail REDRESS Sustainability Corporate Social Responsibility End of sub links Newsroom go to Careers header National News Local News Electronic News Kits Testimony &amp; Speeches Broadcast Downloads Audio Downloads Events Calendar Photo Gallery Service Alerts End of sub links Careers go to Doing Business with Us header Job Search &amp; Application Employment Requirements Compensation &amp; Benefits Career Development Workplace Culture Sales and Marketing Jobs USPS Employees End of sub links Doing Business with Us Suppliers Licensing Rights &amp; Permissions Auctions IT Policies, Process &amp; Standards Public Key Infrastructure End top navigation Search Skip Side Navigation Leadership Board of Governors Postmaster General &amp; Executive Leadership Team Postal Leadership Citizens' Stamp-Advisory Committee Financials Judicial Officer Rules of Practice Administrative Decisions Board of Contract Appeals Legal Section 508 USPS Privacy FOIA No FEAR Act Our History Significant Dates Stamps and Postcards Postage Rates and Historical Statistics Photo Galleries Postal People Moving the Mail Delivering the Mail and More Post Offices and Facilities Uniforms and Equipment Research Sources Awards Postal Facts Privacy Policy Highlights Scope This statement applies to USPS® customers and usps.
com visitors, unless a separate privacy notice is prominently displayed.
Personal Information We collect personal information directly from you and your transactions with us.
We also occasionally obtain information about you from verification services and commercial sources, such as to acquire permission-based marketing lists.
Uses We use your information to provide you USPS products and services, or respond to your inquiries.
We do not sell customer or mailing lists to outside parties, including marketers.
We protect your information under the Privacy Act.
We only share your information in the following limited situations: to a congressional office on your behalf; to financial entities regarding financial transaction issues; to a USPS auditor; to entities, including law enforcement, as required by law or in legal proceedings; to customs agencies relating to outgoing international mail; to contractors and other entities to fulfill your product or service; or with your consent Your Choices We only market other USPS products/services to you with your consent, based on your marketing preferences.
You may create or change your preferences by accessing your account on usps.
com and editing your profile.
Important Information You may access information we maintain about you by contacting the program office for the product/service you ordered, or by contacting the privacy office at the addresses provided.
How to Contact Us We welcome you to view our full privacy policy.
You may contact the privacy office at privacy@usps.
gov or PRIVACY OFFICE US POSTAL SERVICE 475 L'ENFANT PLZ SW RM 9431 WASHINGTON DC 20260-1101 View the Full Privacy Policy › Skip Footer Navigation LEGAL Privacy Policy › Terms of Use › FOIA › No FEAR Act EEO Data › ON ABOUT.
USPS.
COM Newsroom › Mail Service Updates › Forms &amp; Publications › Careers › Site Index › ON USPS.
COM USPS.
com Home › Buy Stamps &amp; Shop › Print Labels with Postage › Customer Service › OTHER USPS SITES Business Customer Gateway › Postal Inspectors › Inspector General › Postal Explorer › Copyright© 2012 USPS.
All Rights Reserved.
