 1.
Introduction <p>Ignorance of the law excuses no man from practicing it.</p>
<p>Addison Mizner</p>
<p>Welcome to BrainyQuote, one of the most fun and supremely
educational sites on the web, created by Xplore, Inc., a corporation
doing business in the Lone Star State.
We thought we would take a
break from sharpening our spurs, raising thoroughbreds and rooting
for the Dallas Mavericks ("Hey Mark Cuban, give us a call!"), to
write these Terms of Service.
This document constitutes a
legally-binding agreement ("Agreement") governing the terms of
providing you with our service.
Throughout this document, the words
"BrainyQuote," "BrainyQuote.com," "Xplore, Inc.," "us," "we," and
"our," refer to us, Xplore, Inc., or our website, BrainyQuote.com as
is appropriate in the context of the use of the words.</p>
Likewise, the words "you" and "your" refer to you, the person
who is being presented with this document for your agreement.
Also,
the sky is blue and grass is green.
2.
Description of Service &amp.
Disclaimer <p>That service is the noblest which is rendered for its own
sake.</p>
<p>Mahatma Gandhi</p>
<p>BrainyQuote, the world's largest famous quotations website,
offers a free, all-access pass to the world of quotations.
We educate
and entertain audiences of all ages with family-friendly quotations
from history's most prominent figures through to today's newsmakers -
famous celebrities, athletes, politicians, authors, and everything in
between.
BrainyQuote is supported by ad revenue generated from ads
that appear on our sites.</p>
<p>In keeping with our mission to share our knowledge with the
world, BrainyQuote provides a hand-selected 'Quote of the Day' on our
Quote of the Day page, on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Google+ and
Tumblr.
You can 'Like' us, Follow us, +1 us, or sign up for our RSS
feeds to receive our daily quote in your newsfeed.</p>
<p>Unlike certain websites (which shall remain nameless...
but you
know who you are), we strive to source our quotes and review them to
ensure their accuracy.
However, we can't provide any 100% assurances
about the quotes we post.
That said, most people find our site
enormously satisfying, and they love and adore our wonderful site.</p>
Since fans share our unbridled enthusiasm for quotations, the
BrainyQuote submission form allows individuals to upload quotes by
famous people with a reference URL as an accompanying source.
We
appreciate submissions, but do not guarantee BrainyQuote will publish
them.
Visitors can also email suggestions to us.
we appreciate these,
but there's no guarantee we will follow them.
A human being (not a
quote-bot!) reviews each and every submission and suggestion
submitted.
While we actively respond to submissions and suggestions
by making appropriate additions, changes or enhancements to our site,
we do not reply to individual submissions or suggestions.
3.
Information Supplied <p>Information is not knowledge.</p>
<p>Albert Einstein</p>
<p>You can browse our website anonymously, at any time, and for
any reason...
A term paper is due, you're bored, you need to impress
a prospective employer, or your latest crush...
(Whatever the
situation, we're there for you!) If you have time on your hands, and
wish to submit a quote for our consideration, we require that you
submit information about the author and quotation, and a source URL,
and optionally, your name.
If you submit your name, it will never be
published on our site, and will not be listed anywhere for that
matter, ever.
If you have a great suggestion for us, you can submit
your suggestion via email.
BrainyQuote does not and will not publish
your email address.
it will not be listed anywhere for that matter,
ever.
'Nuff said.</p>
If you're under thirteen, we're impressed that you're spending
your time looking up quotes from influential people rather than
Tweeting your friends all day long.
However, the Children's Online
Privacy Protection Act prohibits us from collecting certain
information from you, so don't submit any quotes to our website or
email suggestions to us.
Our submission form permits uploaders to
include their name, and emailing a suggestion would mean we have your
email address...
but we don't want to know your name, and we don't
want to see your email address.
If you're under 13, do not share your
information with us! Thanks.
4.
Copyright (Yours &amp.
Ours)
<p>Despite being the largest (and nearly the oldest) quotation
website on the Internet, we haven't yet become so megalomaniacal as to
declare we own the exclusive rights to quotes that other people have
said.
However, we do own the copyright to the arrangement of
information on our website.</p>
<p>Plus, we can make you agree to stuff through this contract that
further limits your rights, such as by writing this: You agree not to
copy, distribute, display, disseminate, or otherwise reproduce any of
the information on our website, or our website itself, without our
prior written permission.
This includes, but is not limited to, a
prohibition on aggregating information that is in the public domain
and publishing it elsewhere.
This prohibition does not extend to uses
which would, if governed solely by the copyright law of the United
States, be considered a "fair use."</p>
<p>In other words, by accepting this Agreement, you can use our
stuff for legitimate academic, research, and reporting projects, but
you can't use it to just copy and paste a bunch of our stuff on your
own website.
That hurts our search engine rankings, not to mention our
feelings.
We'd also point out that we don't pay for anything you
submit to us via our submission form or suggestion email inbox simply
because you provide it of your own volition.
By submitting material to
us, you acknowledge that you have the right to do so, and that you
completely transfer to us any rights you might have had in the
submission.</p>
<p>The name "BrainyQuote", and the BrainyQuote logo, are owned by
Xplore, Inc.
and protected by copyright.
You agree not to copy,
distribute, display, disseminate, or otherwise reproduce the
BrainyQuote name or the BrainyQuote logo, without our prior written
permission.</p>
<p>In other words, by accepting this Agreement, you cannot use the
name BrainyQuote for any purpose, and you cannot use our logo on your
own website, your blog, use it as your Facebook or Twitter icon, to
create a temporary tattoo, or any other cockamamie reason.
Now, if you
get a permanent BrainyQuote tattoo, we want to see it.
(Photo or it
didn't happen!) We know the BrainyQuote name and logo is cool, but
it's our property, not yours.
Got it? Good.</p>
Also, all photographs published on BrainyQuote, and on our
'Quote of the Day' social media pages on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest,
Google+ and Tumblr, are protected by copyright.
Our photographs are so
awesome, we've watermarked each and every one of them.
You agree not
to copy, distribute, display, disseminate, or otherwise reproduce
BrainyQuote photographs, without our prior written permission.
That
said, there is one exception: You can share our photographs via social
media as long as, and only if, they link back to BrainyQuote.
If you
steal our images, publish them and link them back your own website, we
will find you...
and that won't be good! Share our photographs, enjoy
them, be inspired by them - do not infringe on them, and we will
remain friends.
5.
Trademarks
BrainyQuote is a trademark owned by us, Xplore, Inc., to
uniquely identify our famous quotations website.
You agree not to use
this phrase anywhere without our prior written consent.
Additionally,
you agree not to use our trade dress, or copy the look and feel of our
website or its design, without our prior written consent.
What is a
trade dress, you ask? We're not quite sure ourselves, but our lawyers
assure us that it doesn't involve wearing a tux to a black-tie event.
You agree that this paragraph goes beyond the governing law on
intellectual property law, and includes prohibitions on any
competition that violates the provisions of this paragraph.
6.
Revocation of Consent
<p>Where BrainyQuote has given prior written consent for your use
of our protected material in accordance with our above "Copyright" and
"Trademarks" provisions, we may revoke that consent at any time.
If we
so request, demand, yell, pontificate, or filibuster, we may require
that you immediately take action to remove from circulation, display,
publication, or other dissemination, any of the marks, copyrighted
content, or other materials that we previously consented for you to
use.</p> 7.
Representations &amp.
Warranties
<p>We make no representations or warranties as to the
merchantability of our service or fitness for any particular purpose.
You agree that you are releasing us from any liability that we may
otherwise have to you in relation to or arising from this Agreement or
our service, for reasons including, but not limited to, failure of our
service, negligence, totally inaccurate quotes that were either never
said by anybody notable or just attributed to the wrong person (we
don't know how that's worthy of a lawsuit, but whatever), or any other
tort.
To the extent that applicable law restricts this release of
liability, you agree that we are only liable to you for the minimum
amount of damages that the law restricts our liability to, if such a
minimum exists.
If there is no minimum then we will pay you in quotes,
all in a language you can't read, and sent in giant stone tablets on
your front porch.
Ok, we're kidding since that would cost a lot of
money, but really...
please don't sue us.</p>
<p>You agree that we are not responsible in any way for offers made
by third parties through our website.
We can't accept liability for
this kind of stuff because most, if not all, of our ads are just
displayed through third parties like Google and we let them have a
banner on our website.</p>
We are not liable for any failure of our service, including any
failures or disruptions, scheduled or unscheduled, intentional or
unintentional, on our website which prevent access to our website
temporarily or permanently, even if caused as a result of our extreme
negligence, like using our server computers as stands for our ping
pong table.
8.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us harmless for any claims by
you or any third party which may arise from or relate to this
Agreement or the provision of our service to you, including any
damages caused by your use of our website or acceptance of the offers
contained on it.
You also agree that you have a duty to defend us
against such claims, and we may require you to pay for an attorney(s)
of our choice in such cases.
You agree that this indemnity extends to
requiring you to pay for our reasonable attorneys' fees, court costs,
and disbursements.
In the event of a claim such as one described in
this paragraph, we may elect to settle with the party/parties making
the claim, and you shall be liable for the damages as though we had
proceeded with a trial.
9.
Choice of Law
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws in force in the
State of Texas.
The offer and acceptance of this contract is deemed to
have occurred in the State of Texas.
10.
Forum of Dispute
<p>You agree that any dispute arising from or relating to this
Agreement will be heard solely by a court of competent jurisdiction in
the State of Texas.</p>
<p>If you bring a dispute in a manner other than in accordance with
this section, in the words of George Herbert Walker Bush, "This will
not stand, this aggression..." You agree that we may move to have it
dismissed, and that you will be responsible for our reasonable
attorneys' fees, court costs, car and kids' college tuition payments,
and disbursements in doing so.
Ok, so we're kidding about the car and
kids' tuition...
unless you want to pay for it (after all, Ivy league
college is expensive).</p>
You agree that the prevailing party is entitled to all of its
reasonable attorneys' fees, court costs, and disbursements from the
unsuccessful party in any dispute.
To the victor go the spoils! 11.
Force Majeure
You agree that we are not responsible to you for anything that
we may otherwise be responsible for, if it is the result of events
beyond our control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war,
insurrection, riots, terrorism, crime, labor shortages (including
lawful and unlawful strikes), embargoes, attacks from outer space,
postal disruption, communication disruption, failure or shortage of
infrastructure, shortage of materials, or any other event beyond our
control.
12.
Severability
<p>In the event that a provision of this Agreement is found to be
unlawful, conflicting with another provision of the Agreement, or
otherwise unenforceable, the Agreement will remain in force as though
it had been entered into without that unenforceable provision being
included in it.</p>
If two or more provisions of this Agreement are deemed to
conflict with each other's operation, Xplore, Inc.
shall have the sole
right to elect which provision remains in force.
There is a very good
reason for our having the upper hand: You agreed to it.
That is all.
13.
Assignment
You may not assign your rights and/or obligations under this
Agreement to any other party without our prior written consent.
We may
assign our rights and/or obligations under this Agreement to any other
party at our discretion.
14.
Amendments
We may amend this Agreement from time to time.
When we amend
this Agreement, we will update this page and indicate the date that it
was last modified.
You may refuse to agree to the amendments, but if
you do, you must immediately cease using our website and our service.
You must visit this page each time you come to our website and read
and agree to it if the date it was last modified is more recent than
the last time you agreed to the Agreement.
15.
Privacy Policy
To review the BrainyQuote Privacy Policy, please click here.
16.
Thanks
<p>We hope you have enjoyed reading our epic terms of service.
We
are not sure why you have so much time on your hands, but
congratulations on your life of leisure.
Quiz coming soon!</p>
<p>
<b>Last updated:</b> February 19, 2013
</p>
<p>Copyright 2001 - 2014 BrainyQuote.com All Rights Reserved.</p>
Do not duplicate or redistribute in any form.
We paid a lot to
make these terms of service funny for our readers - so go make your
own! 
