 Unbiased Reviews by Real People All Categories To Show All CategoriesBooksCars &amp; MotorsportsComputer HardwareElectronicsGamesHome &amp; GardenHotels &amp; TravelKids &amp; FamilyMagazines SubscriptionsMoviesMusicMusical EquipmentOnline Stores &amp; ServicesPetsRestaurants &amp; GourmetSoftwareSports &amp; OutdoorsWellness &amp; Beauty Sign In Join Now Cars Books Movies Music Computers &amp; Software Electronics Gifts Home &amp; Garden Kids &amp; Family Office Supply Sports Travel More.
.
.
Home &gt; Help Center &gt; Privacy Policy Help Center HELPFUL AREAS Frequently Asked Questions Member Center Site Index LEGAL RESOURCES User Agreement Privacy Policy General Questions Epinions Site Status Sitewide Supported Browsers Profile Images Search Epinions with Google Latest Member Center Post Epinions Read Only Mode July 2, 2012 - 07/02/2012 Eroyalties System Income Share (including bonus for Leads, Moderators, and Advisers) is processed by the 15th of each month.
Checks are processed on the 15th and mailed out soon after.
October Advisor Bonus - 10/05/2012 Income Share - 10/04/2012 Mod &amp; CL Bonus - 10/04/2012 September Advisor Bonus - 09/17/2012 Income Share - 09/13/2012 Mod &amp; CL Bonus - 09/13/2012 August Most Popular Lists - 08/14/2012 Advisor Bonus - 08/14/2012 Income Share - 08/09/2012 Mod &amp; CL Bonus - 08/09/2012 July June Sweepstakes Payout - 07/17/2012 Most Popular Lists - 07/09/2012 Advisor Bonus - 07/09/2012 Income Share - 07/06/2012 Mod &amp; CL Bonus - 07/06/2012 June Most Popular Lists - 06/2012 Advisor Bonus - 06/2012 Income Share - 06/2012 Mod &amp; CL Bonus - 06/2012 Shopping.
com Network Privacy Policy September 13th, 2010 On September 13th, 2010, the Privacy Policy for shopping.
com was updated.
Please take a few minutes and review the revised policy.
If you have any questions, please contact Customer Support.
Your Privacy The websites in the Shopping.
com Network - Shopping.
com, Epinions.
com, DealTime.
com and PriceTool.
com - are brought to you by Shopping.
com, Inc.
, an eBay company.
This Privacy Policy tells you how Shopping.
com collects, uses and protects your information on the Shopping.
com Network and in other locations online where you interact with Shopping.
com content or services.
By using the Shopping.
com Network, you agree to the terms and conditions of the User Agreement, including this Privacy Policy, and you consent to Shopping.
com's privacy practices.
This includes the use and disclosure of any personal information you have shared with us and its transfer to and storage on our servers in the United States and elsewhere in the world where we have facilities.
Binding Corporate Rules In addition to the privacy practices set out in this Privacy Policy, eBay Inc.
, the parent of shopping.
com, has established a set of Corporate Rules (also referred to as Binding Corporate Rules), approved by a number of European Union privacy regulators.
These Corporate Rules are a commitment by eBay Inc.
to adequately protect your personal information regardless of where the data resides, and depending upon your location, may provide additional privacy rights through your privacy regulator or a court.
If you would like additional information regarding the Corporate Rules contact us via the contact details below.
Collection You can browse the Shopping.
com Network without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.
Certain features and services on the Shopping.
com Network require that you register or supply some information that allows us to identify you.
We collect some information automatically from your computer while you browse our sites, such as where you go on the Shopping.
com Network and what you do there.
We collect your IP address, computer and connection information, browser type and version, operating system and platform, the URLs you come from and go to next, and a cookie number.
When you register on one of the sites in the Shopping.
com Network, we collect and store your e-mail address and a password.
When you participate in some of the Shopping.
com Network services, you may also choose to provide the following personal information: Profile information, including first and last name, member or user name and location Contact information, including email address, mailing address and phone number Product information, including the ratings, reviews, tags, comments and other content you post, and the items in your wish lists Other information that allows us to personalize your Shopping.
com Network experience - for example, your filter and profile preferences We may get additional information from or about you in other ways not specifically described here.
For example, you might contact Community Care or customer support or respond to a survey, or we might get a third-party complaint about you.
Co-Branded Services.
You'll sometimes see Shopping.
com content on other websites, labeled "Powered by Shopping.
com.
" For example, we syndicate our Shopping.
com listings for use on other companies' websites.
These listings appear with another company's logo at the top of the page.
When you browse these syndicated listings, you are subject to that company's privacy policy, and Shopping.
com does not collect any personal information about you or receive any personal information from these other companies.
You may also interact with our product review services on websites operated by other companies.
When you submit reviews or other content using our product review services, the information we collect is subject to our policies.
We clearly label our product review services with the Shopping.
com Privacy Policy and User Agreement.
Marketing We don't sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent.
We may combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services, content and advertising.
If you don't wish to receive marketing communications from us or participate in our ad-customization programs, simply indicate your preference in your shopping.
com account or by following the directions provided with the communication or advertisement.
Use We use the information we collect to: operate the Shopping.
com Network provide you with information and services you request customize content, advertising, and your experience on the Shopping.
com Network communicate with you about your orders, service updates and other administrative issues deliver to our members targeted marketing and promotional offers, based on their communications preferences measure and improve our sites and services resolve disputes, address complaints and troubleshoot technical problems analyze site and user behavior and prepare aggregated reports tell you about our services and those of our corporate family send our Epinions members targeted marketing and promotional offers, based on their communications preferences contact our Epinions Category Leads, Advisors or Top Reviewers (for more information, see Epinions' FAQs) Sharing and Disclosure Other eBay Companies.
We may share information with members of the eBay Inc.
corporate family-like eBay or PayPal -to provide joint content and services (like registration, transactions and customer support), to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts and violations of our policies, and to guide decisions about their products, services and communications.
Members of our corporate family will use this information to send you marketing communications only if you've requested their services.
Service Providers.
We may share your information with service providers under contract who help with our business operations (such as maintaining the Shopping.
com Network and providing related services).
Special Offers.
On the Shopping.
com Network, you may have opportunities to express interest in or register for third-party products and services.
If you do, we will provide information about you to the third party to implement your request.
Feedback.
We may use survey results for our internal development and market research and share the results with our affiliates, consultants, vendors and service providers.
Assets.
As our business evolves, Shopping.
com may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets in connection with a merger, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy.
In such an event, personal information may be one of the assets transferred.
Other Disclosures.
We may disclose information when permitted by law or under the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary under applicable law; to comply with legal process served on Shopping.
com; to protect the property or interests of Shopping.
com, its agents and employees; or to protect personal safety or the public.
Epinions Category Leads.
Category Leads may have access to some or all of our Epinions databases.
For more information about Category Leads, see Epinions' FAQs.
Public Content Some portions of the Shopping.
com Network allow you to contribute ratings, reviews, tags, comments, and other content, either on one of our websites or via our product review services on other websites.
This content may be displayed publicly on the Shopping.
com Network and elsewhere on the web.
The reviews and comments you publish may be displayed with your member or user name.
Registered members can unpublish reviews by logging in to their accounts; reviews submitted through our product review services may not be unpublished.
For some of our features, other members may be able to request email notifications of your new public content or publish their own comments to your reviews.
You can also choose to make your wish lists public, but they are private by default.
We may use the public content to develop aggregate ratings, personalize site views, market products or identify or feature popular members.
For example, we may promote most popular or highest-earning reviews and members.
While we don't expect to transfer the complete review rating and web of trust database to others (except as discussed in this policy), we use the database throughout our network and to generate results for others.
E-mail Communications Choice/Opt-Out.
At any time, you have the ability to opt out of receiving marketing communications (including customized ads) from the Shopping.
com Network, but you may not opt out of administrative emails (for example, emails about your transactions or policy changes) while you are a member of the Shopping.
com Network.
You can opt out by either changing your preferences or following the directions provided with the communications or advertisements.
Email Tools.
If you send emails to a recipient through our site, they will receive your email address and any personal message you include.
Although we do not retain in any easily retrievable way the addresses you email, these emails are not private communications.
You may not use our email tools to send spam or content that violates the User Agreement.
Anti-Spam Policy.
Shopping.
com does not tolerate spam.
We do not send emails to anyone without permission, and we do not sell or rent email addresses to any unauthorized third party.
This does not mean that we can prevent spam from happening on the Internet.
If you believe that you have received an unsolicited email from us, please contact our Privacy Department and we will investigate.
Cookies and Web Beacons Shopping.
com's Cookies.
Shopping.
com, other members of our corporate family who provide us with joint services, and our service providers will sometimes place anonymous cookies or web beacons on your computer when you visit our sites or our co-branded sites.
We use these cookies and web beacons to recognize returning users, measure traffic and activity on the sites, monitor and improve our services and protect against fraud.
We also use cookies to customize services, content, advertising, and promotional offers.
You can block cookies by changing the settings on your browser (contact your ISP for help), but doing so may prevent us from delivering certain services to you.
Your browser must be set to accept cookies in order to access the Shopping.
com Network as a registered member.
Our Advertisers's Cookies.
We use the services of third-party advertising companies, who may place cookies that allow them to collect from you and use anonymous information about your visits to the Shopping.
com Network.
For more about their practices and your options regarding their information collection and use, click here.
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information Registered members can review and change personal information by accessing the Member page on Shopping.
com or Epinions.
You should promptly update your personal information if it changes or becomes inaccurate.
You can close your Shopping.
com account by contacting Customer Support or your Epinions account by clicking here.
We may retain some information from closed accounts so that we can comply with law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze or troubleshoot programs, enforce our User Agreement and take other actions otherwise permitted by law.
If your account or membership is terminated or suspended, we may maintain some information to prevent re-registration.
Links to Other Sites The Shopping.
com Network contains links to other websites.
Shopping.
com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these sites.
If you have concerns about how other websites collect and use information about you, make sure to read that site's own privacy policy.
Security Shopping.
com uses physical, electronic and administrative safeguards, including advanced firewall and password protection for our databases, designed to protect the security of information.
We restrict access to your personal information to employees that need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
However, as you probably know, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.
Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
General We may change this policy from time to time, and we will post the amended terms on the Shopping.
com Network.
All amended terms will take effect immediately for new users, and 30 days after they are posted for existing users.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of the Shopping.
com Network, you may e-mail our Privacy Department or contact: Shopping.
com, Inc.
Attn: Customer Support/Privacy 8000 Marina Boulevard Fifth Floor Brisbane, CA 94005 U.
S.
A.
Cookies, web beacons, and your privacy We use cookies, web beacons, and related tools from third parties to provide features and services that improve your buying and selling experience.
To help protect your privacy, we limit how these tools can be used on shopping.
com.
How shopping.
com uses cookies and web beacons "Cookies" are small files placed on the hard drive of your computer.
Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive once you sign out from shopping.
com or close your web browser.
We use cookies to provide features and services, such as: Promoting and enforcing trust and safety Allowing you to enter your password less frequently Remembering your preferences Presenting information that's targeted to your interests Measuring the effectiveness of our sites, services, content, and advertising Facilitating conversation threads and other services on discussion boards (these cookies are placed by our board service providers) Providing other services and features that are available only through the use of cookies A "web beacon" is an electronic image placed in the code of a web page.
We use web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one shopping.
com page to another and to improve site performance.
Your choices about cookies We offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies.
You are always free to decline cookies if your web browser permits.
However, if you decline cookies, you may not be able to use certain shopping.
com features, and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.
Learn how to manage your cookies.
We use Flash cookies, which are cookies written with Flash technology, to help ensure that your account security is not compromised and to spot irregularities in behavior to prevent your account from being fraudulently taken over.
Use of cookies and web beacons by third parties We may work with other companies who place cookies or web beacons on our websites.
These companies help operate our websites and provide you with additional products and services.
They are subject to confidentiality agreements with shopping.
com and other legal restrictions.
shopping.
com does not permit any of these companies to collect personal information using cookies or web beacons on our websites.
DoubleClick is our service provider who may use cookies to help us deliver our own content and compile anonymous site metrics and analytics.
We require these companies to use the information they collect only to provide us with these services under contract.
We participate in cookie-based ad networks and exchanges operated by Fetch Back and Revenue Science.
Although these companies use some anonymous information about you to display ads, we don't permit these companies to collect any personal information about you.
FetchBack and Revenue Science use cookies to collect anonymous information, which may be used to tailor the advertising you see on the shopping.
com sites or elsewhere on the web.
Click these links to learn more about FetchBack and Audience Science's business practices and privacy policies, including how to decline participation in these programs.
We don't permit third-party content on shopping.
com (such as item listings) to include cookies or web beacons.
If you believe a listing might be collecting personal information or using cookies, please report it to Customer Support.
About Epinions Help Member Center Site Rules User Agreement Privacy Policy Site Index Topic Index Advertising Shopping.
com Network © 1999-2012 Shopping.
com, Inc | Trademark Notice | Follow us on Facebook Google+1 Twitter StumbleUpon 
