
Privacy Policy - Bass Pro Shops Loading.
.
.
[BPS_ES_MINICART_PROMOTION] My Shopping Cart Continue Shopping View Shopping Cart Checkout My Cart () Close Panel Welcome [BPS_ES_LOGINPOPUP_WELCOME] Bass Pro Shops isn't just fishing.
It is an outdoor retail leader in hunting, camping, nature gifts, outdoor cooking, and much more.
Take a look around, we are sure you'll find something you want.
Sign In Email Address: Password: Login Forgot Password Create a New Account [BPS_ES_LOGINPOPUP_REGISTER] You don't need to have an account to checkout; however, creating an account will allow you to take advantage of these great features: Faster Checkout / Order Tracking / Order History Reward Point redemption / Lookup Ratings / Reviews / Gear Wish List Manage Email Preferences Outdoor Questions/Answers Register Welcome Guest Sign In / Create Account Close Panel [header-1] [header-2] Search [header-3] [header-4] Gift Cards Stores FREE Catalogs My Account Customer Service 1.
800.
227.
7776 My Cart Freshwater Fishing Fishing Reels Fishing Rods Rod &amp; Reel Combos Rod &amp; Reel Care Fishing Line Terminal - Hooks, Sinkers &amp; More Fishing Accessories Tackle Boxes Hard Baits-Lures Soft Baits-Lures Spinnerbaits &amp; Jigs Swimbaits Panfish Muskie &amp; Big Game Salmon &amp; Trolling Accessories Walleye Catfish Preserved Baits &amp; Spoons Ice Fishing Equipment Bait/Lure Kits Fishing Videos, Books &amp; Maps Life Jackets Waders Rain Gear Sunglasses &amp; Sun Care Fly Fishing Fly Fishing Rods &amp; Reels Terminal Tackle &amp; Accessories Fly Tying Flies &amp; Kits Watercraft Waders Vests &amp; Outerwear Fishing Videos, Books &amp; Maps Sunglasses &amp; Sun Care Saltwater Fishing Saltwater Reels Saltwater Rods Baits-Lures Saltwater Rod &amp; Reel Combos Line &amp; Leaders Terminal Tackle Fishing Equipment Fishing Videos, Books &amp; Maps Saltwater Boating Accessories Trolling Motors Waders Rain Gear Sunglasses &amp; Sun Care Electronics GPS Radios &amp; Stereos Marine Electronics Hunting Electronics Boating Boat Showroom Marine Electronics Trolling Motors Boating Accessories Batteries &amp; Chargers Boat Seats, Furniture &amp; Accessories Boat Covers &amp; Biminis Trailer Accessories Fuel Tanks Downriggers Saltwater Boating Accessories Life Jackets Canoes, Kayaks &amp; Small Boats Water Sports Outboard Motor Accessories Outboard Motors Camping Camping Tents &amp; Canopies Sleeping Bags &amp; Beds Appliances Coolers Camp Furniture General Camping Lighting Camp Kitchen Cast Iron Cookware Outdoor Cooking Backyard &amp; Patio Packs, Bags &amp; Luggage Food Preparation Canoes &amp; Kayaks Truck &amp; Auto Rain Gear Metal Detectors Auto &amp; ATV-UTV Truck &amp; Auto ATV-UTV &amp; Accessories ATV Showroom Outdoor Kids Video Games Children's Clothing Youth Hunting Clothing Infant Gear Shoes &amp; Boots Water Sports Air Guns, Air Soft &amp; Paintball Toys &amp; Games Home &amp; Cabin Home Furnishings Furniture Art &amp; Sculpture Bedding &amp; Bath Kitchen Accessories Outdoor Living Weather Instruments Nature Center Personalized Gifts Dog Supplies Hunting Fine Gun Room Guns Optics Gun Accessories Gun Storage &amp; Care Ammunition Game Cameras &amp; Accessories Hunting Accessories Reloading Treestands Game Feeders &amp; Feed Calls Decoys Dog Training ATV-UTV Accessories Black Powder Knives &amp; Tools Air Guns, Air Soft &amp; Paintball Archery Bows Archery Accessories Crossbows Targets Arrows &amp; Shafts Bow Cases Arrow Points Bowfishing Arrow Building Treestands Game Cameras &amp; Accessories Hunting Accessories Hunting Clothing Hunting Clothing Base Layers Hunting Outerwear Scent Control Clothing Hunting Rain Gear Turkey Vests Waterfowl Hunting Clothing Upland Hunting Clothing Shooting Sports Clothing Ladies' Hunting Clothing Youth Hunting Clothing Hunting Packs &amp; Bags Hunting Accessories Hunting Boots Rubber Boots Hunting Waders Men's Clothing RedHead World Wide Sportsman Ascend Bob Timberlake Carhartt Columbia Under Armour The North Face Nascar Clothing Swimwear Casual Clothing Men's Outerwear Rain Gear Fishing &amp; Technical Clothing Men's Clothing Accessories Sunglasses &amp; Sun Care Ladies' Clothing Natural Reflections Bob Timberlake World Wide Sportsman Ascend Columbia The North Face Casual Clothing Fishing &amp; Technical Clothing Ladies' Outerwear Ladies' Accessories Jewelry Ladies' Hunting Clothing Sunglasses &amp; Sun Care Shoes &amp; Boots Hunting Boots Rubber Boots Pac Boots Waders Western Boots Wellington Boots Work Boots Duty Boots Fishing &amp; Water Shoes Athletic Shoes Boat Shoes Hiking Boots Sandals Casual Shoes Shoe Care &amp; Insoles Slippers Socks Gifts, Hobbies &amp; Golf Gift Cards Personalized Gifts Gifts &amp; Novelties Food &amp; Drink Food Preparation Nascar Books &amp; DVDs Nature Center Weather Instruments Watches Wallets Jewelry Travel Bags &amp; Luggage Toys &amp; Games Video Games Golf Clubs &amp; Bags Golf Balls &amp; Gloves Golf Gear Golf Shoes &amp; Apparel Golf Collegiate &amp; Professional Sports Sunglasses &amp; Sun Care Outlet Store [global-1] [global-2] A Summary of Bass Pro Outdoors Online, LLC's Privacy and Security Statement Bass Pro Outdoors Online, L.
L.
C.
takes the privacy of our customers and the security of their Personal Information very seriously.
We provide this summary of our Privacy and Security Statement ("Statement") because you have the right to know what Personal Information we collect, how it is protected and used and the circumstances under which it may be disclosed.
The complete Privacy and Security Statement may be viewed by clicking here.
If you have further questions regarding this Statement, please contact us: by email at: privacy@basspro.
com and include your name and telephone number or email or postal address so that we can contact you; or   toll-free at 1-800-552-4868; or   by letter to us at: Bass Pro Outdoors Online, L.
L.
C.
, Privacy Director, 2500 East Kearney, Springfield, Missouri 65898, making sure to include your name and mailing address or telephone number so that we can contact you.
To Whom this Statement Applies This Statement only applies to Bass Pro Outdoors Online, L.
L.
C.
This Statement does not apply to affiliated entities of Bass Pro Outdoors Online, L.
L.
C.
or to third parties.
Tell me more The Personal Information We Collect How It Is Gathered and Used We collect only the Personal Information you voluntarily provide to us or that is given to us by affiliated entities or third parties that have your permission to share your Personal Information with us.
"Personal Information" includes your name, shipping and/or mailing address if goods are to be shipped or mailed to your home, home telephone number, email address, credit or debit card account number, outdoor activity preferences and may also include your purchase history.
We do not share email addresses you provide to us when you use the Wish List, eGift Card and Email-A-Friend features or when you contact us via email.
We assume when you use the Wish List, eGift Card and Email-A-Friend features that you have the authority or have obtained the consent of the recipient of your message to provide us with his or her email address for the purpose of sending the message and any attached information.
Tell me more How We Use Your Personal Information We use your Personal Information to respond to and fulfill your requests for Bass Pro Outdoors Online, L.
L.
C.
's products and services and to market our products and services, including:   to send you our catalogs and other offers through mail; to send you our email newsletters and specials offers; to contact you about the status of or to obtain additional information about your order; to improve our web site, customer service and merchandise selections Tell me more If you are a Citizen of Canada Canadian citizens, except under circumstances defined by law, are entitled to access their Personal Information collected by Bass Pro Canada by writing to: Customer Service Privacy Director, Bass Pro Shops?, 2500 E.
Kearney, Springfield, Missouri 65898.
We may ask you to pay an administrative fee for accessing or copying your information, but will inform you of the anticipated charges and confirm that you want us to proceed before processing your request.
If you believe that the Personal Information about you that we have collected is incomplete or inaccurate, Bass Pro Canada will correct the information upon verification of the omission or error and that the person requesting the change is the person about whom the Personal Information relates.
If you wish additional information about our Personal Information management practices, to access, correct or have us investigate any matters in relation to your Personal Information, please contact our Customer Service Privacy Director at the address provided above or by calling toll-free at 1-800-552-4868.
If You Are a Resident of California If you are a California resident, in addition to the rights set forth above, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of your personal information with third parties, for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
California law provides that you have the right to submit a request to us at the designated address and receive the following information: the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year the names and addresses of third parties that received such information: and if the nature of a third party's business cannot be reasonably determined from the third party's name, examples of the products or services marketed.
You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually.
Our designated email address for such requests is privacy@basspro.
com.
The Personal Information We Share and Who We Share It With Bass Pro Outdoors Online, L.
L.
C does not rent or sell its email address lists.
We may share segments of your Personal Information with our affiliated entities as necessary to complete a transaction that you specifically request; for example if you purchase on BassPro.
com through the link provided at the quixtar.
com site we will disclose the Quixtar IBO number and dollar amount of the purchase made to quixtar.
com.
Under certain agreements with other web sites that link to BassPro.
com, we may share your name, mailing address, email address, and the dollar amount of purchases made after you access our web site through the link.
We use a third party analytics service to help us gather and analyze information about our customers; the information we share with that service provider is a customer ID number, an email address, the city, province and a postal code to enable the third party company to conduct its analysis.
And, on occasion we provide your name and mailing address to other quality companies whose products you may find of interest.
The companies with which we share Personal Information are contractually prohibited from using the information obtained from Bass Pro Outdoors Online, L.
L.
C.
for any purpose other than that for which it was provided and are required to have appropriate safeguards in place to protect that information.
For information on how to instruct us not to use your Personal Information for these purposes, see "How You Can Control the Use of Your Personal Information" below.
We may also sell, transfer or otherwise disclose Personal Information including but not limited to your name and mailing address, in connection with a fundamental corporate change such as a merger, consolation, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets.
Tell me more Personal Information We Do Not Share We do not share your telephone number or credit card information for use by other companies, for more details on the sharing of your Personal Information, please click on the following link.
Tell me more How You Can Control the Use of Your Personal Information We give you choices and control over the collection and use of your Personal Information.
You can update your Personal Information, remove your email address from our email list or remove your name from our catalog mailing list or from lists we share with quality companies.
And, you may opt out of individualized data collection done by our third party analytics service.
There are known methods that spammers can use to hide their identity by using other people's email address to send out emails.
If you have any question about the genuineness of an email you receive that appears to be from Bass Pro Shops?, contact us at abuse@basspro.
com and do not furnish personal information in response to the email.
Tell me more How You Can Control Email Communications You Receive From Us You have the opportunity to choose to receive email communications such as our newsletter and/or special offers and change your mind at any time.
If you choose not to sign up for this email service, we will send you only email that relates to a specific purchase or in response to an email inquiry from you.
Tell me more Other Types of Information We Gather, How it is Used and Our Use of Gifs and Cookies We use technology to collect anonymous, non-Personal Information that indicates how our site is used by visitors.
We use this information to improve our site, for example by enhancing pages or features that are visited frequently, and on occasion we may share this information with our affiliates or other third party companies to provide them with an indication of the amount of interest in our site for advertising purposes and to help us plan for technical improvements.
This information will not identify you or any other user of our web site as an individual.
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails the recipients have opened.
We use cookies to understand how our site visitors link to our site and what pages they view during their visit.
Cookies also allow us to personalize your shopping experience, advertise to you on other web sites and speed the check-out process.
Your browser must be set to accept cookies before you can place an order at BassPro.
com Tell me more How We Strive to Protect Personal Information Bass Pro Outdoors Online, L.
L.
C.
has implemented a variety of encryption and security technologies and procedures to protect information stored in our computer systems from unauthorized access.
We also maintain procedural safeguards that restrict access to your Personal Information to employees (or people working on our behalf and under confidentiality agreements) who need to know your Personal Information in order to provide the products and services that you request.
Tell me more Our Policies Regarding Children We do not sell products for purchase by children; however, we do sell children's products for purchase by adults.
If you are under 18 years of age, please do not submit any information without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian.
We will not knowingly collect Personal Information about any person under 13 years of age.
If you believe that we have information from or about anyone under 13 years of age, please notify us by email at: privacy@basspro.
com or call us toll free at: 1-800-552-4868 Links to Other Sites We provide links to affiliated entities and on occasion to other sites we think you may enjoy.
These sites operate independently of Bass Pro Outdoors Online L.
L.
C.
and have established their own privacy and security policies.
For the best online experience, we encourage you to review these policies before submitting any Personal Information through these sites.
Consent to Transfer This web site is operated in the United States.
Please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States.
By using this web site and/or providing us with your Personal Information through this web site, you consent to this transfer.
Updates to this Statement We will update this Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our business.
If we change how we use your Personal Information or the purposes or entities for and to which we disclose your Personal Information we will post the policy change notification on our web site.
Our current Statement was last updated January 3, 2012.
Tell me more [footer-column-1] SHOP Freshwater Fishing Fly Fishing Saltwater Fishing Electronics Boating Camping Auto &amp; ATV/UTV Outdoor Kids Hunting Archery Hunting Clothing Men's Clothing Ladies' Clothing Shoes &amp; Boots Home &amp; Cabin Gifts, Home &amp; Golf Outlet Store [footer-column-2] OUTDOORSITE LIBRARY OutdoorSite Library Home Hunting Library Fishing Library Camping Library Boating Library Video Fishing Knots Library Talk Forums Braggin' Board Fish Calculators Online Lake Maps Outdoor E-Postcard Outdoor Wallpapers Outdoor Scrensavers KEEP IN TOUCH [footer-column-3] BASS PRO RESOURCES FAQ Receive our Emails Contact Us Shipping Information Privacy Policy International Orders Site Map Sizing Information Recall Information Embroidery Services Catalog Request Order by Catalog Request # Online Catalogs Customer Reviews Outdoor Answers Rod &amp; Reel Repair Wildlife Creations Visit Our Mobile Site [footer-column-4] COMPANY INFORMATION About Bass Pro Shops Stores Restaurants Career Centers Company News Newsroom Vendor Relations Corporate Incentives Social Responsibility Affiliate Program Outdoor World TV Outdoor Rewards Program USEFUL LINKS Hunting/Fishing Licenses Wholesale Dealers Tax Exempt Organizations Conservation Organizations Destinations Donations [footer-column-5] [footer-column-6] [footer-column-7] [footer-column-8] Prices shown are in U.
S.
funds All pages © 2006 - 2012 BPS Direct, L.
L.
C.
All rights reserved.
  
