 Billboard requires a JavaScript enabled browser to get the full experience Hot 100 Billboard 200 Digital Songs Radio Songs R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Songs Country Songs Rock Songs Latin Songs Pop Songs Dance/Club Play Songs Social 50 On-demand songs UK Songs Pop 100 Heatseakers Albums uncharted Youtube Summer songs chart All Charts Previous Hot 100  Maroon 5 stays on top Billboard 200  P!nk debuts 'Truth About Love' Digital Songs  Psy puts 'Gangnam Style' at No.
1 Soundtracks  Glee's 'Britney 2.
0' scores Rap Albums  Kanye's GOOD Music debuts R&amp;B/Hip-Hop Songs  Miguel climbs to No.
1 Dance/Club Songs  Karmin says 'Hello' Rap Songs  2 Chainz tops again Pop Songs  P!nk rules here too Rock Albums  The Killers rock the top spot Next Subscribe Site Feedback Follow @billboard Welcome, UNKNOWN USER Settings Log Out Join Billboard Log In Billboard.
com Charts News Video New Releases Live Photos Please make sure javascript is enabled in your browser homepage Billboard - Music Charts, Music News, Artist Photo Gallery &amp; Free Video home From the latest music news and music reviews, to Billboard music charts, music articles and more, you'll find the free music information you want at Billboard.
com.
Experience the most in-depth music news online and get access to exclusive videos and digital music, as well as the hottest new releases, music videos and more.
Visit Billboard.
com each day to see what's happening.
unknown unknown prod billboard.
homepage next previous 14/14 Maroon 5 Keeps PSY From No.
1 on Hot 100 America is gaga about 'Gangnam Style,' but PSY stays put at No.
2 while Maroon 5's 'One More Night' barely holds the top slot for one more week.
See who else rounds out this week's top 10.
Monster Debut for Mumford &amp; Sons' 'Babel' It's official: Mumford &amp; Sons' "Babel" has earned the biggest debut of any album this year in the U.
S.
The group's second set sold 600,000 in its first week and becomes the rock quartet's first No.
1 on the Billboard 200.
Photos of the Week Justin Bieber flies high in Las Vegas, Lady Gaga poses with Donatella Versace, Sky Ferreira and Kanye West pose at Givenchy's Paris show, Foo Fighters and Neil Young rock NYC, Jay-Z opens the Brooklyn Barclays Center, Katy Perry visits Japan, and more.
See the week's best pics! Bruno Mars: 'I'm Not Trying to Be a Circus Act' The platinum hitmaker unveils his wide-ranging second album, "Unorthodox Jukebox," only for Billboard.
"I want to have the freedom and luxury to walk into a studio and say, 'Today I want to do a hip-hop, R&amp;B, soul or rock record.
'" Read this week's Cover Story.
Christina, Taylor, Ke$ha, Rihanna: Whose Single Is Best? Vote now in our poll to tell us which female superstar -- Christina, Taylor, Ke$ha or Rihanna -- has released the month's all-star radio track.
Tell us if "Your Body," "Begin Again," "Die Young" or "Diamonds" is dominating your playlist! Lil Wayne's 30 Biggest Billboard Hits Happy 30th birthday, Lil Wayne.
The rapper has not only turned 30 but he also just became the solo act with the most Hot 100 appearances.
In celebration of both feats, we've ranked his 30 biggest Billboard hits.
Video Connect with Twitter Facebook Email About Billboard Billboard Magazine Mobile Events RSS Feeds Advertising Developers Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Reprints Follow Us on Twitter Sitemap FAQ Newsletter Shop Lyrics © Billboard.
All rights reserved.
Portions of content provided by Rovi Corporation.
© Rovi Corporation.
From the latest music news and music reviews, to Billboard music charts, music articles and more, you'll find the free music information you want at Billboard.
com.
Experience the most in-depth music news online and get access to exclusive videos and digital music, as well as the hottest new releases, music videos and more.
Visit Billboard.
com each day to see what's happening.
Thanks For Joining Billboard Log in to create your profile, speak your mind and connect with listeners like you.
Why Join ? Don't just hear it.
Live it.
Go deeper than a casual listen: Voice your feelings, build a profile around your favorite music, connect with people who share your passions and discover new ones.
Sign up for free.
Join Complete Your Registration at Billboard.
com! Email Address Username Password Confirm Password I agree with the terms of service Billboard.
com News and Offers I'd like to receive music updates, newsletters, and special offers from Billboard.
com Already a member? Sign in now, or log in with your Facebook account.
Haven't Joined Yet ? For the full Billboard experience, you need to be a member.
Sign up.
It's free.
Join Billboard Forgot your password? Enter the e-mail address you used to sign up and we will email you the password .
Email Address: Email Sent ! Your password has been sent to the email address you provided.
Please sign in below : Log In Email Address: Password: Forget your password ? Log in through Facebook instead.
Action Successful Topic I'd Like to Report a BugI Have a Feature RequestChartsNewsMusic Player / PurchasingSoundtrack of My LifeCharts AppCharts App Other Comments We'd love to hear your feedback on the new Billboard.
com! Whether it's a feature request or a bug We want to hear from you.
Please use this form to anonymously give us your input.
Getting info.
.
.
