 my account stores customer service my bag FOR THE HOME BED &amp; BATH WOMEN MEN JUNIORS KIDS BEAUTY SHOES HANDBAGS &amp; ACCESSORIES JEWELRY &amp; WATCHES SALE wedding registry gift cards deals &amp; promotions    Customer Service    Featured Help Topics      Orders      Shipping &amp; Delivery      Returns      Macy's Credit Card      Furniture &amp; Mattresses      Stores      Wedding &amp; Gift Registry      Para Ayuda      More Topics      Our Stores      Store Locator      Store Events      Shopping Services      Our Company       About Macy's, Inc.
     Career Opportunities      Community Relations      Diversity      Investors      Press Room      Security &amp; Privacy      Contact Us      Contact Us   Macy’s and macys.
com Notice of Privacy Practices This notice of privacy practices was updated on June 10, 2011.
This notice of privacy practices applies to information collected in Macy’s stores, online at macys.
com, and via mobile applications (Macy’s iShop, macys.
com accessed through your mobile device).
  To view your separate Department Store National Bank Privacy Policy for your Macy's credit card and to read more information about our credit services, please click here.
This Notice of Privacy Practices explains: The kinds of information we collect; How we use information;  Our information sharing practices;  Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices; and How you may access some of the information you provide to us.
We encourage you to refer to this notice periodically so that you understand our current privacy practices.
If you have any questions about this notice, please contact our Customer Service department: By mail at: Macy's Credit and Customer Services, ATTN: Privacy Office, P.
O.
Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040; By phone at 1-888-529-2254; or Via e-mail at privacy.
master@macys.
com.
Your access of and use of our Web site means you agree to the terms in this notice of privacy practices and our Legal Notice.
Information We Collect We collect information from a variety of sources, including information provided by you, information we collect when you visit our Web site or stores, and information we collect about you from third party sources.
The following are examples of the types of information we may collect: Information you provide: name, address (billing and shipping), zip code, e-mail address, telephone number(s), mobile number(s), credit card number(s), birth date, password and etc.
; Information associated with use of our Web site: macys.
com uses  the information gathered from cookies and web beacons, such as IP address, to enhance your experience on our Web site; Information associated with doing business with Macy’s: transaction information, including the items purchased, and the date and time of your transaction; Information from third party sources: we may receive your updated shipping information from a third party carrier; Back to Top How We Use Information    We may use the information we collect to process a transaction, provide the products or services you request, to improve our Web site and stores, to enhance your shopping experience, and for marketing and promotional purposes.
  We may combine information about you that we collect on-line, in our stores, via mobile applications, and from third party sources.
Cookies on macys.
com A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a Web site that is stored on your hard disk by your computer's browser.
  A web beacon is an embedded image on a Web site that monitors a Web site’s activity.
At macys.
com, we use two kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open.
We use session cookies, for example, to add items to your shopping bag.
  Persistent cookies last from visit to visit; they do not go away when you exit your browser.
At macys.
com, we use persistent cookies to give you a more personalized shopping experience and to help you navigate our Web site more efficiently.
  For example, we use persistent cookies to show you items you have previously browsed.
    Managing cookies preferences differs from browser to browser so please refer to your browser for further information.
  If you would like to disable cookies and web beacons from macys.
com, please use the help function in your web browser to restrict cookies from our Web site.
  If you block cookies from macys.
com, you will not be able to make purchases on our Web site.
   Back to Top Information Sharing We may share your information within Macy’s, Inc.
and its affiliates and subsidiaries (including Bloomingdale’s).
  We may also share your information with third parties with whom we have relationship (to opt-out of third party sharing please click here).
  For example: Internally When you make a purchase, we may share information about you and your transaction with other companies necessary to process your transaction.
Externally We may share your information with third parties so that they can directly market their products or services to you if we feel that these products or services may be of interest to you.
Coremetrics We work with a third party company, Coremetrics, to assist us in better understanding how people use our Web site.
  The information that we collect through cookies tells us things like which search engine referred you, how you navigated around our Web site, what you purchased, and how banner ads and e-mails direct web traffic to our Web site.
Coremetrics analyzes the information it collects from macys.
com and returns it to us through an encrypted connection.
  We do not share credit card or password information with Coremetrics.
Coremetrics may only use information we share with them about our Web site visitors to perform services for us.
  Coremetrics is required to maintain all of the information it collects and analyzes securely and in confidence.
  For more information, please view the Coremetrics privacy policy.
  To learn more about opting-out of Coremetrics analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior please refer to Your Contact Preferences and Opt-Out Choices in this notice.
Back to Top Customer Preferences and Opt-Out Choices E-mail: To opt-out of receiving promotional or marketing e-mails from macys.
com, you may: unsubscribe by signing into your account on macys.
com, clicking on my profile and indicating your opt-out preference, use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any e-mail sent by macys.
com, contact us by regular mail at MCCS Customer Service, ATTN: Privacy Office, P.
O.
Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-529-2254 Note:  It may take up to 10 business days to process your request.
    Mobile Marketing: To opt-out of mobile marketing, you may: reply STOP to any macys.
com text message on your mobile phone/wireless device, contact Customer Service at 1-888-529-2254, or contact us by regular mail at MCCS Customer Service, ATTN: Privacy Office, P.
O.
Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040 Note:  Please allow 3-5 business days after contacting us to process your request.
We do not share your mobile number with any third parties for marketing purposes.
Direct Mail or Telemarketing: To opt-out of receiving direct mail or telemarketing calls, you may: contact Customer Service at 1-888-529-2254, or contact us by regular mail at MCCS Customer Service, ATTN: Privacy Office, P.
O.
Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040.
  If you choose to write to us, please include your name, address, phone number, and last 4 digits of your Macy’s proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number (if you have one) and state one of the following: "NO MAIL OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive offers by mail) "NO PHONE OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive offers by phone); or "NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive either) Note: Because listings often are prepared well in advance (12-16 weeks, in many cases) you may continue to receive some offers after you send us your request.
Third Party Sharing: If you prefer that we not disclose your information to third parties for marketing purposes, you can: contact us by regular mail at MCCS Customer Service, ATTN: Privacy Office, P.
O.
Box 8215, Mason, OH 45040.
  If you choose to write to us, please include your name, address, phone number,  and last 4 digits of your Macy’s proprietary or American Express co-brand credit card account number (if you have one) and state "NO THIRD PARTY SHARING" in your request, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-529-2254.
   Online Behavioral Advertising:  Online behavioral advertising uses information about you to provide relevant, targeted advertising of interest to you.
  Please click here for additional information on online behavioral advertising.
   If you would like to opt-out of online behavioral advertising, please click here.
  Please note that you will be opted out of all online behavioral advertising from all business members of the Network Advertising Initiative.
  If you opt-out, you may continue to see or receive online advertising from macys.
com, however, these ads may not be as relevant to you.
Coremetrics:  As a macys.
com user, you may choose to opt-out of Coremetrics' analysis of your browsing and purchasing behavior on our Web site or you may choose to allow Coremetrics to analyze your behavior anonymously.
  Please click here to learn more about the various levels of privacy and confidentiality you can select, with respect to Coremetrics, on our site and to exercise your opt-out choices.
Back to Top Access Your Information If you are a registered user of macys.
com, you can update your information in My Account.
If you have questions about your order, you may check your order status online in My Order.
If you have any additional questions, please call our Customer Service department at 1-888-529-2254.
   If you are an international customer, and want to access your information, please click here.
Information Security Please refer to the Security Policy for additional details.
Information About Children Under 13 The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act imposes requirements on Web sites that collect personal information about children under 13 (for example - name, address, e-mail address, social security number etc.
)  Our policy is not to collect any personal information on any person under 13.
  For this reason, our online sweepstakes, e-mail and mobile sign ups are restricted to entrants who are at least 13.
If this policy changes, macys.
com will revise this portion of its notice of privacy practices and will comply with the requirements of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, which includes providing notice and choice to each child's parent or guardian before collecting any personal information.
Your California Privacy Rights Under California Civil Code sections 1798.
83-1798.
84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes.
  That notice will identify the categories of personal information shared with third parties and used for direct marketing purposes and the name and address of the third parties that received such personal information.
  If you are a California resident and want a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Macy's Customer Service, P.
O.
Box 8067, Mason, OH 45040.
  In your request, please specify that you want a "Your Macy's California Privacy Rights Notice.
" Please allow 30 days for a response.
   International Customer Privacy To fill international orders, macys.
com partners with FiftyOne, Inc.
(“FiftyOne”).
  FiftyOne will carefully process your personal information, with at least the same level of privacy protection set forth in the U.
S.
- EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.
S.
– Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles established by the U.
S.
Department of Commerce.
  FiftyOne also agrees not to sell, transfer, or otherwise use your information other than for processing international shipments.
When you indicate you are shipping internationally, you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by FiftyOne.
  On the checkout page you will be required to submit personal information to FiftyOne to complete your order.
Once you place your order, you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive future marketing communication from macys.
com.
FiftyOne will notify macys.
com of the approval of your order, and macys.
com will then ship approved orders to FiftyOne.
  Simultaneously, FiftyOne will purchase the product from us, which allows them to take title to the product(s), bill your credit card, collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you.
In this process, FiftyOne makes the sale to you as the merchant of record.
When ordering a product, you will be presented with FiftyOne’s terms and conditions.
  You must agree to them to receive the product(s) you ordered.
Once you agree that FiftyOne may share your personal information with macys.
com, that data is protected by this notice of privacy practices and you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States.
   We adhere to both the EU and Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.
  We have certified to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce, the European Union and Switzerland that our processing of personal data is in compliance with these principles and we perform periodic self-assessments to verify ongoing compliance.
Macys.
com is committed to resolving any customer concerns regarding their privacy.
  If a customer feels that their privacy may have been violated, based on the Safe Harbor Principles, macys.
com will attempt to directly resolve the complaint.
  Any complaints that are still unresolved after these direct efforts, will be settled by arbitration administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution in accordance with its applicable commercial rules.
International Centre for Dispute Resolution A Division of the American Arbitration Association 1101 Laurel Oak Road, Suite 100 Voorhees, NJ 08043 Phone: 856-435-6401 E-mail box: casefiling@adr.
org Customers shipping internationally who wish to contact macys.
com to inquire about or update their personal information make a complaint about the collection or use of their personal information comment on or ask questions regarding this notice please e-mail us at internationalprivacy@macys.
com.
was this answer helpful? Please tell us how we can make this answer more helpful.
Support requests cannot be sent through this form.
*Email:Required *Your Feedback:Required Print | Email Recipient Email: *Required Your Email: *Required Your Name: *Required Other helpful answers Highlights of Macy’s, Inc.
Notice of Privacy Practices Legal Notice Pricing Policy for Online Merchandise Our Products: Product Recalls Credit Card Privacy Policy Find an answer announcements Click here if you are placing an international order on 10.
7.
12 Our international shipping partner, FiftyOne, is undergoing a system update on 10.
7.
12.
During this.
.
.
related tools My Profile Macy's Credit Card Order Status Store Locator Gift Card Balance Password Assistance Contact Us For assistance with your shopping experience and other answers.
Close window CUSTOMER SERVICE order tracking shipping &amp; delivery returns contact us para ayuda change country MACY'S CREDIT CARD pay bill online view credit account apply now &amp; save OUR STORES locations &amp; hours store events catalogs tell us what you think MACY'S INC.
macysJOBS press room investors STAY CONNECTED mobile apps sign up for email WHAT'S HAPPENING AT MACY'S easy web browsing for visually impaired customers © 2012 macys.
com is a registered trademark.
All rights reserved.
Macys.
com, Inc.
, 685 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94105.
Macy's Credit and Customer Service, PO Box 8113, Mason, Ohio 45040.
Request our corporate name &amp; address by email.
Legal Notice Security Policy Pricing Policy Privacy Practices California Privacy Rights Product Recalls Sitemap 
