 skip to contentskip to global header navigationskip to search Cookies are not enabled on your browser You must have Cookies enabled on your Web browser to fully interact with our site and place an order.
(To enable Cookies, please adjust the security or privacy setting for your browser.
JavaScript is not enabled on your browser You must have JavaScript enabled on your Web browser to fully interact with our site and place an order.
(To enable JavaScript, open Preferences for your browser and select the "enable JavaScript" checkbox.
) Customer Service Store Locator / Track Order / Sign In / Create Account Shopping Bag Our Family of Sites Our Brands International Austria France Germany Japan United Kingdom Enter Keyword or Item # Search Women New Arrivals Outerwear Regular Petite Plus Size Knit Tops, Polos &amp; Turtlenecks Regular Petite Plus Size Tall Shirts &amp; Blouses Regular Petite Plus Size Tall Sweaters Regular Petite Plus Size Pants, Crops &amp; Shorts Regular Petite Plus Size Petite Plus Tall Dresses &amp; Skirts Regular Petite Plus Size Jackets &amp; Blazers Regular Petite Plus Size Swimsuits Regular Petite Plus Size Petite Plus Tall Sleepwear Regular Petite Plus Size Shoes Regular Wide Accessories Activewear Plus Size Clothing Petite Clothing School Uniforms Sale Men New Arrivals Outerwear Regular Big Tall Pants Regular Tall Polos, T-Shirts &amp; Turtlenecks Regular Big Tall Sweaters Regular Big Tall Dress Shirts &amp; Ties Regular Big Tall Sport Shirts Regular Big Tall Suits &amp; Blazers Regular Tall Short Shoes Regular Wide Socks &amp; Underwear Sleepwear Regular Tall Shorts &amp; Swimwear Belts &amp; Accessories Activewear Regular Tall School Uniform Sale Kids Girls New Arrivals Outerwear Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Toddler (2T - 4T) Dresses, Skirts &amp; Skorts Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Toddler (2T - 4T) Tops Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Toddler (2T - 4T) Pants &amp; Shorts Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Toddler (2T - 4T) Accessories Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Tights, Socks &amp; Underwear Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Sleepwear Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Toddler (2T - 4T) Shoes Big Kid (1 - 7) Little Kid (9 - 13) Toddler (5 - 8) Backpacks, Lunch Boxes &amp; Luggage Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Swim Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Toddler (2T - 4T) School Uniforms Sale Boys New Arrivals Outerwear Big Kid (8 - 20) Little Kid (4 - 7) Toddler (2T - 4T) Tops Big Kid (8 - 20) Little Kid (4 - 7) Toddler (2T - 4T) Pants &amp; Shorts Big Kid (8 - 20) Little Kid (4 - 7) Toddler (2T - 4T) Activewear Big Kid (8 - 20) Little Kid (4 - 7) Toddler (2T - 4T) Ties &amp; Accessories Big Kid (8 - 20) Little Kid (4 - 7) Socks Sleepwear Big Kid (8 - 20) Little Kid (4 - 7) Toddler (2T - 4T) Shoes Big Kid (1 - 7) Little Kid (9 - 13) Toddler (5 - 8) Backpacks, Lunch Boxes &amp; Luggage Big Kid (8 - 20) Little Kid (4 - 7) Swim Big Kid (8 - 20) Little Kid (4 - 7) Toddler (2T - 4T) School Uniforms Sale Gifts Shop Gifts For Women Men Girls Boys Home     Our Gift Shops Gifts Under $30 Gifts Under $50 Personalized Gifts Christmas is for Kids Dream Shop Santa's Faves Gift Cards Swim Women Regular Petite Plus size Petite Plus Tall Men Regular Girls Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Toddler (2T - 4T) Boys Big Kid (8 - 20) Little Kid (4 - 7) Toddler (2T - 4T) Water Shoes &amp; Sandals Beach Towels &amp; Totes Sale Outerwear New Arrivals Women Regular Petite Plus size Men Regular Big Tall Girls Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Toddler (2T - 4T) Boys Big Kid (8 - 20) Little Kid (4 - 7) Toddler (2T - 4T) Hats, Gloves &amp; Scarves Long Underwear Shoes &amp; Boots Sale Shoes New Arrivals Women Regular Wide Men Regular Wide Girls Big Kid (1 - 7) Little Kid (9 - 13) Toddler (5 - 8) Boys Big Kid (1 - 7) Little Kid (9 - 13) Toddler (5 - 8) Sale School Girls &amp; Women Big Kid Little Kid Toddler Junior Adult Boys &amp; Men Big Kid Little Kid Toddler Young Men Adult Backpacks &amp; Book Bags Girls &amp; Women Boys &amp; Men Sale Girls &amp; Women Boys &amp; Men Find Your School's Dress Code For the Home New Arrivals Bedding Bedding Collections Pillows, Comforters &amp; Basics Blankets &amp; Throws Decorative Pillows &amp; Home Décor Seasonal Décor &amp; Gifts Bath Beach Towels Outdoor Living Dining Furniture Kids' Home Totes &amp; Bags Just for Dogs Sale Luggage New Arrivals Backpacks &amp; Lunch Boxes Totes Duffel Bags Luggage Collections Carry-on Luggage Wheeled Luggage Upright Luggage Kids' Luggage Briefcases &amp; Laptop Bags Toiletry Kits &amp; Travel Accessories Diaper Bags Sale Sale Women Regular Petite Plus Size Petite Plus Tall Men Regular Big Tall Short Girls Big Kid (7 - 16) Little Kid (4 - 6x) Toddler (2T - 4T) Boys Big Kid (8 - 20) Little Kid (4 - 7) Toddler (2T - 4T) For The Home School Uniforms On The Counter Not Quite Perfect canvas lebo Women Men Girls Boys Gifts Swim Outerwear Shoes School Uniforms For the Home Luggage Sale Homepage &gt; Customer Service &gt; Legal Policies &gt; Privacy Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Track Your Order Shipping &amp; Handling Returns Contact Us Order History Services Legal Policies Privacy Security Recall Alerts Legal Information Technical Information Store Locator More Lands' End Sites Size Charts Site Map Glossary Privacy To cancel a catalog subscription To cancel your subscription to any of our catalogs, please call 1-800-963-4816 or send an email to websiteinquiry@landsend.
com.
Please allow 2-4 weeks to process your request.
Your privacy at Lands' End We value the trust you place in Lands' End, and we want you to be aware of the safeguards we have in place to respect your privacy.
The below policy tells you about the information we gather about you and how we use it.
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us at myprivacy@landsend.
com.
Types of personal information we may gather: Lands' End gathers personal information from you in order to provide superior service, communicate offers on merchandise and services which we believe will be of interest to you, customize our communications to you, administer our business, and improve your shopping experience.
The following are examples of the personal information we gather from you.
Purchases - When you place an order, you give us your name, address, phone number and/or email address plus payment information.
Non-Purchases - There may be instances when you are not making a purchase at Lands' End and you give us your name, address, phone number and/or email address, and where applicable, payment information, or when somebody else gives us your name, address, phone number and/or email address, and where applicable, payment information.
Some situations when this may occur are when you return or exchange merchandise, receive a gift from Lands' End or enter a contest or participate in a promotion or survey sponsored by Lands' End.
Personal Shopping Account - If you create a Personal Shopping Account with us so that you may place orders more conveniently, you authorize us to store your name and shipping address(es), and payment information.
Catalog requests - We need your name and address in order to mail you a catalog.
We also require a phone number or email address so that we can contact you in the unlikely event there is an error in your address or other delivery problem.
To stop receiving catalogs, simply call 1-800-800-5800 or email websiteinquiry@landsend.
com.
email updates - When you subscribe to receive Lands' End email updates featuring exclusive offers (like free shipping), product news, special discounts, contest announcements and more, we require your email address.
You can unsubscribe anytime.
How we use personal information: We ask you for certain kinds of personal information in order to provide you with the services you request and to process and deliver your order.
We also may use your personal information to provide you with customized communications and keep you updated on the latest promotions or products that may interest you.
In addition, our site utilizes 'cookies.
' Cookies do not gather any of your personally identifiable information.
They do allow us to provide you with a more personalized shopping experience and enable you to fully interact with and complete your transaction on our site.
Lands' End shares its customer information with its affiliated companies, including Sears® and Kmart®.
We also may share your information with our business partners (below) in order to provide you with certain services.
Finally, we do make our mailing list available to carefully screened companies whose products or services might interest you.
If you prefer to have your name withheld, please call us toll-free at 1-800-800-5800 or send an email to websiteinquiry@landsend.
com In addition, Lands' End cooperates in advertising member networks with other consumer entities where we may communicate your personal information so that select members may inform you about products or services that might interest you.
If you prefer to have your name withheld, please call us toll-free at 1-800-800-5800 or send an email to websiteinquiry@landsend.
com.
If you first became a Lands' End customer through a transaction with our parent company, Sears Holdings Corporation, we adhere to Sears' privacy policy with respect to any personal information that you may share with us and with the business partners (below) that help this site function or assist us in fulfilling your order.
For more about your privacy at Lands' End, please call us toll-free at 1-800-800-5800 or email us, including your name and mailing address, at myprivacy@landsend.
com.
Along with respecting your privacy, Lands' End diligently strives to keep your personal information safe and secure.
(Please see our Security Policy.
) What are cookies? 'Cookies' are small data files that one of our servers sends to your computer via your Web browser when you connect with our Web site.
Their primary function is to help us remember you by tracking your browsing sessions, which enables us to collect non-personally identifiable information (such as your IP address, browser type, and domain name, etc.
), and provide you with a more relevant shopping experience.
How we use cookies: We use cookies to help process your order through our website and to provide you with a personalized shopping experience.
To place an order and complete your transaction on landsend.
com, you must have 'cookies' enabled on your Web browser.
(If you don't want to enable cookies but would like to place an order, please call us toll free at 1-800-800-5800.
) You must also have cookies turned on in order to create a personal account on landsend.
com and to access that online account.
Cookies also help us: determine which features and tools you use, and which pages you visit on landsend.
com remember which items you've placed in your shopping bag enable you to checkout faster if you've created an account with us In addition, we use cookies to provide you with advertisements and promotions across various other websites from Lands' End based on your web browsing behavior and to similarly allow other entities, in which you may be interested, to provide you with their advertisements and promotions across various other websites.
If you would like more information about this specific practice or would like to opt out of participating in this particular practice, please click here.
If you have any concerns about leaving cookies on your computer for extended periods, you can delete them using your browser preferences or privacy menus.
Our Business Partners In order to ship and track merchandise, we make your name and address available to certain companies that help us provide you with those services.
Mailing List Preference If you do not want to have your name shared with non-affiliated companies, or if you no longer wish to receive Lands' End catalogs or emails, please call 1-800-800-5800.
You can also contact us via email at websiteinquiry@landsend.
com.
Please include your name and mailing address in the message.
If you would like to no longer receive emails from Lands' End, please unsubscribe or click on the 'unsubscribe' link included in all emails sent by Lands' End.
Children's Privacy at Lands' End Lands' End does not sell products for purchase by children.
We sell children's products for purchase by adults.
If you are under 18, you may use our website with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Moreover, Lands' End is concerned about the safety of children.
Occasionally, Lands' End may conduct promotions or contests that allow children under the age of 13 to participate.
In those instances, we will use reasonable efforts to obtain verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from these participants.
Rest assured that Lands' End will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without making reasonable efforts to obtain verifiable parental consent.
In addition, Lands' End will not condition a child's participation in an event on the provision of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity, and Lands' End will not sell that information and will only use that information in the manner that we disclose in the promotion or contest.
In those instances where Lands' End collects personal information from a child, that child's parents or guardians will have the ability to review the information provided by their child by sending an email message to myprivacy@landsend.
com or to the email address listed on the landsend.
com web page that collected their child's information.
Parents or guardians may also request that Lands' End not make contact with their child.
If such a parental request is received, Lands' End will make all reasonable efforts to make sure that no communications are sent to the child.
Get Exclusive Offers + News Enter Your Email Address Sign up   Connect With Us Customer Service Guaranteed.
Period.
® Contact Us Get Live Help A helpful Customer Care Specialist is just a click or call away.
Call 1.
800.
963.
4816 Text Chat Now Shop Our E-Catalog Environmentally friendly, easy to shop and always at your fingertips.
Shop Your Way Rewards℠ Make every purchase rewarding.
Join today.
Earn today.
It's free.
Service Extras Gift Cards Shop Catalogs Catalog Requests Shop Your Way Rewards Glossary Site Map Specialty Shops LE Business Outfitters Women's Plus Sizes Women's Petite Sizes School Uniforms Swimwear International Websites Company As Seen In Sustainability Careers About Us Newsroom Policies Privacy Security Shipping Returns California Transparency Act Sears K-mart View Mobile Version ® Copyright 2012 Lands' End 
