
TERMS OF SERVICE WHO WE ARE
<p> We are Color Labs, Inc., doing business as Color.
We work at 201 Hamilton Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94301.
We offer our services through an app for your smart phone, tablet computer, or anything else that allows our app to function (your “Device”), a Facebook app available on Facebook.com, and a website located at www.color.com.
Let’s call the Device apps and the Facebook app “App” and the website “Site.” These terms should be viewed in conjunction with our Privacy Policy, located here.
and our Digital Millennium Copyright Act policy, located here.
The COLOR trademark and logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Color Labs, Inc.o
</p> OUR SERVICE
<p> The App is designed for content sharing in connection with Facebook.
The App, along with our Site and Facebook, functions as a place to view and share videos, photographs, comments and such (collectively, we call what you share ”Images” and it includes the captions and comments).
Your Images and the Images of others that you see on the App or on the Site are what we call the "Color Environment." You may take pictures and create albums through the App.
When you take a photo through the Color™ App, you are allowed to designate the album into which the photo will reside, or you can simply use the default album (“Mobile Album”).
Once you take a photo, that photo is immediately posted to your Facebook page, and your friends may view it according to your default privacy settings on Facebook.
Any Images you take, and any pictures your friends have posted on Facebook (regardless of whether they used the Color App), will also be viewable through the Color App.
The App has some other features we’d like to share with you.
Group Albums.
When you create an album using the Color App, you may invite your Facebook friends to contribute to that album (“Group Album”).
You will see your invited friends’ (“Invited Friends”) photographs when you view your Group Album through the App, but currently, you will not see their photographs in your Group Album on your Facebook page.
Invited Friends’ photographs will only be stored on their own Facebook pages and viewable consistent with their privacy settings.
All the Facebook friends of all the contributors of the Group Album may view all photographs within a Group Album in the Color Environment Visiting.
The Color App lets you both post your content to Facebook and stream content live to your friends.
When a Facebook friend views a photograph on their Device or computer, that you posted, and clicks on the VISIT icon, you will be sent a Visit request.
If you accept the Visit request, then you can use your phone as a live-streaming device (we call this “Hosting”), and anyone from whom you accept a Visit request will see what you see and, subject to your personal privacy settings on Facebook, anyone in your Facebook network will be notified that you are Hosting the Visit.
In essence, your camera becomes a mechanism to broadcast what you see live.
</p> OUR RULES
<p> First, remember that the service works in connection with Facebook.
In fact, when you first download the App and use the service, we will receive an authenticated token through Facebook Connect and enable the App so that it integrates properly with Facebook.
You hereby give us permission to do so.
When you use the App, you are necessarily using Facebook's services and, as such, you are necessarily bound by Facebook's terms of use and/or any and all other rules of Facebook.
Make sure you are very familiar with those.
We've got our own rules, too.
They’re rules, but more importantly, they’re our community guidelines, designed to enhance your experience and create a vibrant, interactive community.
This Terms of Service agreement (sometimes we say “TOS” too) applies any time you use our App or visit our Site.
In fact, by using our service, you agree to these terms.
We tried to keep them simple and easy to follow, but here’s the thing: this is our sandbox.
If you don’t want to play by our rules, please play somewhere else.
If you don’t agree to our Terms of Service, you may not and cannot use our App or Site.
If you violate our TOS or do something that does not keep with the spirit of our community guidelines, and we find out, we’ll disable the App on your Device that is linked to your use of our service, and we’ll make it so that you are permanently barred from using our service forever.
Forever is a long time.
</p> OUR AUDIENCE
<p> Our service is intended for use by people who are 13 years of age or older.
Minors over the age of 13 should seek permission from their parents to use the App or Site and may not use the App or Site without such permission.
</p> YOUR IMAGES
<p> Your images are public, or may be, depending upon your privacy settings in Facebook (collectively, we call photographs and videos you take, as well as comments you make “Images”).
Please see our Privacy Policy for more information about your Images.
As we described in explaining our service, when you create Images using our App, those Images may be immediately published to any of your Facebook friends.
Those Images are also published and available for viewing through your Facebook page, subject to your Facebook account's privacy settings.
Anyone from grandparents to bosses, may be able to see your Images.
We want the Color Environment to be appropriate for everyone, so please do not use our App to create Images that would be inappropriate for some viewers, or Images that advocates illegal activity, or other things of that nature.
We ask that you don’t take pictures or videos or make comments or really do anything that would be unsuitable to share in a public environment, including (without limitation) any pornographic or gratuitously violent or illegal images.
If another App user reports Images you have posted and our review suggests they are inappropriate, we will immediately disable the Color App on your Device.
If in our sole discretion the reported Images in question violates our Terms of Service, we reserve the right to remove the image and/or disable the App on your Device permanently.
If we do disable the App, you will be permanently barred from using our service.
If you find another App user's Images to be objectionable to you, you will have to remove them from your friend list.
You can also report Images that you believe violate these TOS.
If you don’t like a comment that’s posted on your Images, according to Facebook, you can delete any comments on your Images.
If you remove Images, that Images will no longer be viewable in the Color Environment.
Our App does not disable any other photographic or video features or apps on your Device.
You may take whatever pictures and videos you like on your Device’s native camera/video applications or through other apps and they will not be displayed in the Color Environment.
</p> DO THE RIGHT THING
<p> When you’re in our App and/or are participating in the Color Environment, please use your community manners.
You may not use our App and/or service in any manner that violates Facebook's terms of use and/or any other of Facebook's rules that govern your use of the Facebook services.
If in our sole discretion, you have engaged in acts that violate any such policy or any other inappropriate conduct, and we find out about it, we may permanently disable our App on your Device.
</p> LAW ENFORCEMENT
<p> If we’re alerted to something we believe warrants law enforcement’s involvement, we may report it.
Please review our Privacy Policy, located here, for more on when law enforcement’s involvement may be warranted.
</p> YOU CAN USE OUR APP, BUT HACKING IS UNCOOL
<p> Subject to your agreement to and compliance with all the rules discussed here (including Facebook's rules) and any other relevant policies, we grant you a nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable limited license to access and use the service and App solely for your own non-commercial entertainment purposes.
You agree not to use the App and/or service for any other purpose.
You can enjoy our App and software for sharing Images, but please don’t monkey around or take it unless we say it’s OK.
Oh, and by the way, it’s not OK.
We made it, and it’s ours.
Except where legally appropriate, trying to break or decompile our code or otherwise circumvent technology safeguards we’ve put in place to protect our users’ information is not OK.
If we discover you’ve toyed with our code or hardware – including intentionally misrepresenting the sensor data on your Device such that our software cannot properly process it – well, you know the drill by now: we’ll disable our App on your Device and bar you from the Color Environment.
</p> YOU OWN THE CONTENT YOU CREATE
<p> Whatever pictures or videos you create using our App are yours, but a copy will be published within the Color Environment and may quickly go viral.
Any pictures or videos you take will also be saved to your Device’s native image folder and you can download those images to your computer according to the software your Device uses.
If you happen to see any Images in the Color Environment or on the Site that you didn’t create, but you believe is your work and not subject to fair use, you have the right to request that we remove it.
We comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”).
Click here to see our policy and read how to dispute the display of Images you believe was unlawfully published.
</p> YOU GRANT US A LICENSE
<p> You don’t have to use our App and/or service, but if you do, you’re giving us permission to use your Images.
By using our App and/or service, you hereby grant, and agree to automatically grant at the time of the creation of the Images (and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant) to Color Labs, Inc.
and to Facebook: (a) a royalty-free, worldwide, fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to (i) store, use, license and sub-license, reproduce, distribute, modify, and adapt your Images within the Site and in the Color Environment, as individual images or as part of a compilation.
and (ii) use, license and sub-license and reproduce any of your Images in any or all media throughout the world for the purpose of transmitting or publicizing the App or Color Labs, Inc.
or the Color Environment.
(b) the perpetual and irrevocable right, but not the obligation, to delete any or all of your Images from the Color servers and from the Site, whether intentionally or unintentionally, and for any reason or no reason, without notice or any liability of any kind to you or any other party.
and (c) a royalty- free, fully paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to copy, analyze and use any of your Images as Color may deem necessary or desirable for purposes of debugging, testing and/or providing support services in connection with the App or the Site.
</p> YOU DON’T OWN ALL THE CONTENT YOU SEE
<p>
If you didn’t create the Images, you may view it (and share it), but you don’t own it.
That means you cannot use it without permission from the unique user who created it.
If you did create the Images, and you want to give someone permission to use it, that is your right.
Color doesn’t monitor or police the use of Images by third parties.
</p> NO GUARANTEES
<p> Our App and Site are provided on an "as is" and “as available” basis and we expressly disclaim all warranties, including the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.
We are not liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages (including attorneys' fees and lost profits or savings) to you connected with use of our App or Site, including its Images, and regardless of any negligence by us.
Color does not guarantee that the functions contained in the App or on the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that the App, the Site, or our servers will be free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be corrected even if Color is aware of them.
We trust you understand that Color disclaims all responsibility for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage of any kind resulting from, arising out of, or in any way related to: (1) any errors in or omissions from the App, Site, EULA, Privacy Policy, or TOS, including but not limited to technical inaccuracies and typographical errors.
(2) any information about this App or Site posted by any third party, including without limitation, information posted on any related blog.
(3) the unavailability of this App or Site.
4) your use of the App or Site.
or (5) your use of any equipment or software in connection with the App or Site.
You also understand that the App and service are evolving, and that we may update either or both from time to time without notice to you.
This may require you to update the App (and possibly other applications) in order to continue using the App and/or service.
</p> JURISDICTION
<p> When you use the App or Site, you are agreeing that, unless where prohibited, your use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California in the United States of America, as they apply to agreements made and solely performed in the state of California.
Disputes arising based on this website or in any way related to this website shall be exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the Federal Courts of the United States of America and/or the State Courts of California.
We last updated this Agreement on October 25, 2011.
</p> QUESTIONS
<p> If you have questions about our TOS, please send an email to tos@color.com.
</p> Open source licenses 
