 Follow @thehill Advanced Search Options » Home/News Senate House Administration Campaign Polls Business &amp; Lobbying Sunday Talk Shows Campaign 2012 Business &amp; Lobbying K Street Insiders Lobbying Contracts Lobbying Hires Lobbying Revenue Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Op-Ed Weyants World Capital Living Cover Stories Food &amp; Drink New Member of the Week 20 Questions My 5 Min.
W/Obama Announcements Meet the Lawmaker Jobs Video Gossip: In The Know Briefing Room Hillicon Valley E2-Wire Ballot Box On The Money Healthwatch Floor Action Transportation DEFCON Hill Global Affairs Congress GOP12 In The Know Pundits Twitter Room Home Senate House Administration Campaign Polls Business &amp; Lobbying Sunday Talk Shows Blogs Briefing Room Hillicon Valley E2-Wire Ballot Box On The Money Healthwatch Floor Action Transportation DEFCON Hill Global Affairs Congress GOP12 In The Know Pundits Twitter Room Opinion A.
B.
Stoddard Brent Budowsky Lanny Davis David Hill Cheri Jacobus Mark Mellman Dick Morris Markos Moulitsas (Kos) Robin Bronk Editorials Letters Op-Eds Juan Williams Judd Gregg Christian Heinze Karen Finney John Feehery Capital Living Cover Stories Food &amp; Drink Announcements New Member of the Week My 5 Min.
W/Obama All Capital Living Video HillTube Events Video Classifieds Jobs Classifieds Resources Mobile Site iPhone Android iPad Lawmaker Ratings White Papers Order Reprints Last 6 Issues Outside Links RSS Feeds Contact Us Advertise Reach Us Submitting Letters Submitting Op-eds Subscriptions   Privacy Policy A THE HILL’S PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy is applicable to The Hill’s Web site, thehill.
com (the "Site"), and all Hill web sites.
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect information from you and other users of the Site and how we use such information.
The Information We Collect and Use Non-personally identifiable information We may collect and use non-personally identifiable information and data from you when you are visiting the Site through the standard operation of our Internet servers.
Non-personally identifiable information collected from you may include user Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, domain names, and anonymous statistical data regarding your use of the Site.
For example, we can tell which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not the names, addresses or other information about our visitors that would allow us to identify particular visitors to the Site.
The Site also collects information through the use of "cookies.
" Cookies are small text files that a website can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of a website, allow the site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising.
Cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site.
If you do not want information collected from you through our use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you with certain features available on the Site.
Personally Identifiable Information We collect personally identifiable information about you when you specifically and knowingly provide such information voluntarily on the Site, including, but not limited to, during the following interactions: (1) when you register on the Site and when you later log-on with your user name and password; (2) when you sign-up to subscribe to a service, a newsletter, or ask to be added to our mailing lists for other products or services; (3) when you place an order for products or services; (4) when you participate in a promotional offer; (5) when you provide feedback in an online survey; (6) when you submit other content and suggestions.
In each of the instances above, we typically ask for some or all of the following information: your full name, e-mail address, phone number, physical mailing address, the type of business you are in, product preference information, any applicable identification number or password that we may require, as well as other similar information that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers.
On occasion, we may ask for additional information to enable us to provide you with access to and use of certain other information, materials and services.
The personally identifiable information you provide to us when using the Site may be used to provide products and services to you, to enhance your experience at the Site, and, if applicable, to enhance your experience as a subscriber to The Hill's products and services.
We may from time to time use your personally identifiable information to notify you of special offers and products and services from The Hill and/or from third parties that we think may be of interest to you.
It is possible that we may rent, sell or otherwise transfer to third parties personally identifiable information about you.
At any time, you can contact The Hill to request that we not share your personally identifiable information with third parties, as set forth in greater detail below.
We may employ independent contractors, vendors and suppliers (collectively, "Outside Contractors") to provide specific services and products related to The Hill and the Site, such as providing credit card processing and fraud screening, order fulfillment and shipment, mailing of The Hill publications and other materials, hosting and maintaining the Site, and developing applications for the Site.
These Outside Contractors may sometimes have limited access to information collected from you, including your personally identifiable information, in the course of providing products or services to us.
Access to your personally identifiable information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary in order for these Outside Contractors to perform their limited function for us.
We also require that these contractors (i) protect the privacy of your personally identifiable information consistent with this Privacy Policy, and (ii) not use or disclose your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than providing us with products or services for which we contracted.
The Hill may merge your information collected on the Site with similar data obtained from third parties.
We may use this enhanced personally identifiable information to notify you of special offers, updated information and new products and services from The Hill.
Other unique circumstances may arise where we are required to disclose your personal information to third parties, such as in connection with a corporate transaction where all or a portion of our business or assets (including our associated customer lists containing your personal information) are sold or transferred, or if disclosure is required by law or pursuant to judicial or governmental investigations or proceedings.
You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information in an e-mail or other communications with third parties listed on the Sites or in other materials, that information, along with any other information disclosed in your communication, can be collected and correlated and used by such third parties and may result in your receiving unsolicited messages from other persons.
Such collection, correlation, use and messages are beyond our control.
Our Commitment to Data Security The Hill takes every effort to protect against unauthorized access to your personal information, and has put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on the Site.
Notwithstanding the above commitment to protect your information from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet.
Additionally, there also is some risk our security systems could be circumvented or breached.
As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Opt-out You may at any time opt-out of receiving promotional communications from The Hill or third parties at any time by contacting our Information Privacy Manager at the address below.
Please note that if you decide to opt-out of receiving promotional information or other communications after you have previously opted-in, your change in preference will only affect future contacts; if the information already has been provided to third parties, they may continue to use it.
Even if you do not opt-in to receive promotional information or you have opted-in and then later choose to opt-out, we reserve the right to contact you as necessary in our sole discretion regarding The Hill, any request you have made for services or products from The Hill, changes to this Privacy Policy and any other matters that may be relevant to the information we collect.
Correcting Information You are responsible for providing accurate information when making purchases, registering with any portions of the Site that require registration, or performing other functions that might require you to submit personally identifiable information to the Site.
If you wish to correct any personally identifiable information you have provided to us in this manner, you may do so by contacting our Information Privacy Manager at the address below.
How To Contact Us If you would like to contact The Hill for any reason regarding our privacy practices, please write or e-mail us at the following address: Mailing Address: The Hill Information Privacy Manager 1625 K St.
NW Suite 900 Washington, DC 20006 e-mail: This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
You need JavaScript enabled to view it Changes To The Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 21, 2005.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by notifying users.
We may notify you by posting a notice on the Site or by contacting you through electronic mail or other means.
Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes.
What If You Do Not Agree To The Terms Of This Privacy Policy? As a subscriber to the Site, or otherwise by using the Site, you signify that you agree to this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not make any use of the Site.
Source: http://thehill.
com/privacy-policy The contents of this site are © 2012 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
, a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
The Hill Archives: Senate | House | Administration | Campaign | Business &amp; Lobbying | Capital Living | Opinion View News by Subject: Defense &amp; Homeland Security | Energy &amp; Environment | Healthcare | Finance &amp; Economy | Technology | Foreign Policy | Labor | Transportation &amp; Infrastructure GO TO THE HILL HOME » Most Popular Stories Most Viewed First lady 'rarely' ventures into the West Wing to offer president policy adviceOpinion: Republicans facing longer odds in bid to gain Senate control Team Obama to Romney: 'Bring it on'Report: Official says Amb.
Stevens wanted special forces to remain in LibyaRomney: President Obama has led from behind in the Middle East Emailed The final Obama narrative: The emperor has no clothesPoll finds Romney with 40-point lead among active, reserve military troopsObama’s second-term plan: Let the UN tax AmericansObama's debate missionOpinion: Republicans facing longer odds in bid to gain Senate control Discussed Actor Bill Murray to CNBC: 'I think we ought to be personally responsible'First lady 'rarely' ventures into the West Wing to offer president policy adviceRomney campaign seizes momentum with 30 days left before electionJobless rate drops to 7.
8 percent; economy adds 114,000 jobsEx-RNC chief rips current chairman for comments on Obama Home/News » Most Viewed RSS Feed » Briefing Room MORNING READ DAY'S END ROUNDUP Jindal, Christie set to head national Republican Governors Association More Briefing Room » Congress Blog Unconditional US military aid fuels Israeli-Palestinian violence E-Fairness bill restores competitive balance to retail marketplace The final Obama narrative: The emperor has no clothes More Congress Blog » Pundits Blog Columbus Day: Assessing our way of life Romney's repeated reinvention 7.
8 percent: Great for America, bad for Hope America Fails Republicans More Pundits Blog » Twitter Room Romney makes surprise stop at elementary school Lawmakers hail Facebook milestone as proof of digital media's 'unlimited' potential Former GE CEO: Obama cooked September job data More Twitter Room » Hillicon Valley Lieberman: Obama could issue cybersecurity order in the next month White House discusses cybersecurity order with Senate staff Panel recommends banning Chinese telecoms from US More Hillicon Valley » E2-Wire (Energy) House energy chief Upton calls for repeal of oil, green energy tax breaks News bites: Pro-Romney coal giant under scrutiny, Iraq’s oil boom, and more GOP lawmaker accuses Obama of using Chávez monument to win Latino support More E2-Wire (Energy) » Ballot Box Dem lawmaker to probe group for voter suppression OVERNIGHT CAMPAIGN: Romney goes global Poll: Obama's lead shrinks in Michigan More Ballot Box » On The Money Analysts: Market has not priced in fiscal cliff House majority leader says there's 'no question' election is about taxes Romney says Obama has 'no trade agenda to speak of' More On The Money » Healthwatch Poll shows Obama's lead on healthcare shrinking Study: Costs will rise on mid-size firms from new healthcare law Stem-cell scientists win Nobel prize More Healthwatch » Floor Action Blumenthal: More federal oversight is needed for pharmacies altering drugs GOP lawmaker proposes $7K subsidy to companies who hire the long-term unemployed Murray, Levin call for better evaluation system for veterans with disabilities More Floor Action » Transportation Rep.
Mica to speak to business aviation group American Airlines reassures passengers its seats are securely fastened Labor group credits Obama for transportation job gains; knocks Romney response More Transportation » DEFCON Hill Syrian border conflict devolving into 'worst-case scenarios', says Turkey Report: Iran capable of quickly enriching uranium for warhead US to keep counterterrorism outpost in Philippines, despite peace deal More DEFCON Hill » Global Affairs Romney looks to drive home argument that Obama is weak on foreign policy White House praises ‘Venezuelan people’ after Chavez victory Romney: President Obama has led from behind in the Middle East More Global Affairs » Blogs News Feed COLUMNISTS Brent Budowsky Obama's debate mission Dick Morris Obama’s UN tax plan More Columnists » Get latest news from The Hill direct to your inbox, RSS reader and mobile devices.
Home/News News by Subject Blogs Business &amp; Lobbying Opinion Capital Living Special Reports Jobs Video Home | Privacy Policy | Terms &amp; Conditions | Contact | Advertise | RSS | Subscriptions The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are © 2012 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
, a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
