 Your Account | Cart ( items) | Advanced Shop the Catalog Your Kay Card Gift Cards Education Center FIND A STORE Enter Street Address, City, State or Zip Code Browse Map Home
  &gt;  Customer Service  &gt;  Important Consumer Information  &gt;  Privacy Policy and Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy and Terms &amp; Conditions We take all of our responsibilities seriously, as they relate to both our customers and to the community.
Be assured that as an industry leader, we are committed to conducting our business to a high ethical standard.
Privacy Policy and Terms &amp; Conditions » Important Consumer Information » Privacy Policy and Terms &amp; Conditions Looking for that perfect gift? Answer a couple questions and we can give you some suggestions for that perfect gift.
Start now Important Consumer Information Read More Kay.
com Privacy Policy Privacy At kay.
com, we are committed to ensuring our customers' privacy.
In order to do this, we adhere to the privacy standards we've set for ourselves and those set by the Direct Marketing Association ("The DMA"), of which we are a member.
The DMA's privacy standards are aimed at assisting online marketers such as ourselves in meeting consumer expectations with respect to their personal information.
What personal information is collected? When you visit kay.
com, your internet service provider is automatically recognized, but you cannot be identified as an individual.
  Kay.
com will track use of the website by our visitors, however, unless you sign in as a customer such tracking will be done anonymously.
  You are not required to provide kay.
com with any information in order to browse the kay.
com website.
  If you choose to provide information in connection with your use of kay.
com, including but not limited to, your name, your date of birth, your email address and your telephone number, this information will only be used as described in this policy.
How will the personal information I submit be used? Kay.
com uses personal information you submit for the following purposes: •    to provide the products and services you request; •    to process your orders; •    for our marketing and promotional purposes; and •    to ensure that your shopping experience is as easy and pleasant as possible.
•    Kay may disclose personal information to third parties that provide services to Kay in connection with these purposes.
Disclosure of your personal information.
Kay.
com does not sell or exchange any personal information of its customers with any third parties.
  However, we may release your personal information in the event we are compelled to do so by court order or other requirement of law, or if we, in good faith, believe such release is advisable or necessary.
  Additionally, it is possible that in the future we may sell our online business.
  In connection with such a sale, your personal information may be transferred to a third party.
Consent By providing information on kay.
com you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of such personal information in the manner described in this privacy policy.
  You may withdraw your consent at any time by following the procedure described in the Choice/Opt-Out provision set forth below.
Cookies From time to time, for your convenience, kay.
com might issue you a "cookie" during your visit to our website.
A cookie is a small file that contains information (such as your login name on kay.
com) and is stored by your computer's browser.
  We do not use cookies for any reason other than to provide convenience to the visitors of kay.
com and to improve their online shopping experience.
Choice/Opt-Out We may send you catalogs or e-mails to inform you of new products, services and special offers.
If you would prefer not to be contacted about such special offers, products or services, please notify us of such preference using any of the contact information set forth below.
Please be aware that kay.
com will honor all opt-out requests, however, there may be a delay between your submission of such request and the actual removal of your name and contact information from our mailing lists as these are generated well in advance of our actual mailings.
E-mail us Call us: 1-800-527-8029 Write us: Kay Jewelers Att: Customer Relations 375 Ghent Road Akron, OH 44333 Security Is it safe for me to order by credit card?  Kay.
com has been approved by VeriSign to protect your credit card and other confidential information with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption.
And we have been authorized by VeriSign to display the VeriSign Secured Seal, an industry-recognized trust mark available for display on any website that protects its customers' confidential information using VeriSign services.
  Additionally, kay.
com has taken measures to ensure that shopping on the kay.
com website is a safe and enjoyable experience for our valued customers.
  At kay.
com we use SSL technology, the industry standard for secure online transactions, to encrypt your personal credit information, including your credit card number, before it travels over the Internet.
  As a result of our use of SSL technology, placing an order with kay.
com online is just as safe as providing your credit card number over the telephone.
In the unlikely event of credit card fraud, we will work with your credit card company to resolve the issue.
  Typically, credit card holders are not responsible for any fraudulent charges.
Will information I submit in connection with a credit application be protected? Online credit applications are processed through a secure server using encryption keys.
What other data security measures does kay.
com have in place? In accordance with industry custom, we enforce commercially reasonable security measures which are commensurate with the sensitivity of the personal information (including encryption using SSL technology) in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of personal information that we have collected from you on the kay.
com website.
Kay Jewelers Credit Card Privacy Policy If you have a Kay Jewelers credit card, a separate privacy policy which we previously provided to you describes collection, use, and protection of information about you and your account.
That notice is available here or you may call 1-800-844-7130, or write: Kay Jewelers Attn: Credit Customer Service 375 Ghent Road Akron, OH 44333 We Respect Children Kay.
com is committed to protecting the privacy of children.
The website is not directed at children, and kay.
com does not knowingly collect any information from children.
Links to Other Sites This website may contain links to third party websites operated by individuals or companies unrelated to kay.
com.
  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party websites.
  These linked websites are for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk.
  We recommend that you review the privacy policies posted on such third party websites prior to utilizing them.
Privacy Policy Updates Occasionally, kay.
com may update its privacy policy and information security procedures.
  If our privacy and/or information security procedures change at any time in the future, we will post the new changes conspicuously on our website to notify you and provide you with the ability to opt-out in accordance with the Choice/Opt-Out provisions set forth above.
  Access Upon request we will inform you of the existence, use or disclosure of your personal information.
  Please feel free to contact us at any time with any questions or complaints you may have or to edit your personal information or have it removed from our database.
We can be reached by any of the means of contact included in the Choice/Opt-Out provision set forth above.
Corporate Information and Affiliations Kay Jewelers 375 Ghent Road Akron, OH 44333 The links/logos for the DMA, VeriSign, Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode set forth below are our industry affiliations whose standards of privacy and information security we adhere to: Our Company About Kay Kay Diamontologist The Kay Guarantee Important Consumer Information Store Locations Job Opportunities Learn More Get Connected Sign up for special offers &amp; gift ideas Customer Service 800-527-8029 Order Status Safe Shipping Easy Returns Contact Us FAQs Kay Cares Kay Cares Our Trusted Partners Our Trusted Partners Kay Gold Exchange &amp;nbsp: Site Map | Privacy Policy | Credit Terms &amp; Conditions | Legal Disclaimers © Copyright 2000-2012 Kay Jewelers, a division of Sterling Jewelers, Inc.
375 Ghent Road, Akron, OH 44333 ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES 
