 Close Email A Friend Subject: (separate multiple email addresses with a semi-colon) Close Email A Friend Your email has been sent.
fsdn FoxSports.
com http://www.
foxsoccer.
com http://foxsportslocal.
com http://www.
scout.
com http://www.
yardbarker.
com http://www.
foxdeportes.
com http://www.
fuel.
tv http://www.
speedtv.
com Sample Link Profile &amp; Email Settings Account Info &amp; Linking Sign Out NFL NFL NFL Home Scores Standings Schedule Stats Power Rankings Teams Players Fantasy Video Odds Tickets Transactions FOX NFL Sunday NFL on Scout Photos Shop Injuries MLB MLB MLB Home Scores Standings Schedule Stats Fantasy Teams Players Power Rankings Video Odds Tickets Transactions Injuries Minor Leagues Photos All-Star Game Shop NASCAR NASCAR NASCAR Home Results Standings Schedule Video Photos RaceTrax Drivers Stats Power Rankings Fantasy Tickets Shop NBA NBA NBA Home NBA Draft Scores Standings Schedule Stats Teams Players Video Odds Power Rankings Tickets Transactions Injuries Top 10s and Lists Shop NCAA FB NCAA FB NCAA Football Recruiting Scores Standings Schedule Stats Photos Teams Polls Power Rankings Video Odds Tickets Fantasy List Shop NCAA BK NCAA BK NCAA Basketball Bracket Scores Standings Schedules Power Rankings Photos Teams Polls Stats Video Odds NCAA WBK Tickets NCAA BK Recruiting Shop List GOLF GOLF Golf Home Leaderboard Schedule Players Video Shop Photos Lists Tiger Woods Tickets Golfweek SOCCER SOCCER La Liga Premier League Champions League Europa League Serie A Soccer Home TV Schedule Scores Schedules Video Highlights Fantasy EURO 2012 US National Team Latin America FOX SOCCER 2GO Fox Soccer Plus UFC UFC UFC Home Schedule Odds List HeavyMMA Tickets Shop Ultimate Fighter Fridays Video Photos Inside Fights Fight Network VIDEO FEATURED CHANNELS NFL MLB NASCAR NBA NHL NCAA FB FOX SOCCER UFC on FOX BROWSE ALL VIDEOS » FEATURED SHOWS FOX SPORTS FLASH WHAT THE FOX BOYS IN THE HALL ONLINE OT PHYSIQUE WITH DOMINIQUE MMA INTENSITY FORD WORKDAY BROWSE ALL VIDEOS » MOST WATCHED THIS HOUR Sanchez, Tebow on Texans Cards drop first of the season Morosi: Valentine out in Boston Highlights: (13) USC / Utah Rosenthal: STL/ATL Preview NFL Picks: Week 5 Week 5 NFL Preview Do-or-die for Orioles, Rangers BROWSE ALL MOST WATCHED » WRITERS WRITERS NFL Jay Glazer NFL Alex Marvez NATIONAL Billy Witz NATIONAL Jason Whitlock MLB Ken Rosenthal MLB Jon Paul Morosi NASCAR Lee Spencer GOLF Robert Lusetich NATIONAL Jen Floyd Engel NATIONAL Bill Reiter NATIONAL Greg Couch NATIONAL Reid Forgrave NATIONAL AJ Perez SHOP MOBILE FANTASY FANTASY NEWS FANTASY HOME FOOTBALL    -- CHAT CENTRAL BASEBALL FANTASY BUZZ BLOG MORE NEWS » FANTASY GAMES FANTASY FOOTBALL SURVIVOR FOOTBALL PRO FOOTBALL PICK'EM RIGGLE'S PICKS COLLEGE PICK'EM FANTASY BASEBALL FANTASY RACING BASEBALL HOT STREAK FANTASY SOCCER MORE GAMES » SIM GAMES GRIDIRON DYNASTY HOOPS DYNASTY HARDBALL DYNASTY SIMLEAGUE BASEBALL SIMLEAGUE HOCKEY SIMMATCHUP MORE GAMES » ARCADE GAMES OLYMPIC TRIVIA WORLD GOLF TOUR MISSING MEN FEATURED GAME MORE MORE SPORTS NHL Tennis Olympics Boxing Motor WNBA NCAA WBK Horse Racing TV Air Racing EXTRAS Photos Lists Writers Odds Radio Topics RSS Site Index EVEN MORE FSN Tickets Shop Rumors MSN Entertainment Blogs Celebrities Comedy Entertainment News Games Movies Music New on DVD TV Video Money Autos Business News Careers &amp; Jobs Investing My Money Personal Finance Quotes Real Estate &amp; Rentals Video Living style décor sex &amp; relationships family inspire food glo healthy living fitbie horoscopes More Autos Careers &amp; Jobs Corrections Feedback Food Full MSN Index Games Preview Horoscopes Latino Local Edition Maps &amp; Directions Mobile msnNOW My MSN Personals Quotes Real Estate/Rentals Shopping Travel Videos Weather White Pages Wonderwall Yellow Pages Bing Site Search Web FOX Sports Digital Privacy Policy Effective Date: October 4, 2012 Table of Contents: 1.
INTRODUCTION 2.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION 3.
NOTICE AND CHOICE 4.
USE AND DISCLOSURE 5.
SECURITY 6.
USER CONTROL 7.
DATA RETENTION 8.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION 9.
CONTACT US 1.
INTRODUCTION Fox Sports Digital ("FSD"), which is operated and controlled by Fox Networks Group, Inc.
, has developed this Privacy Policy to describe how we collect, use and disclose information.
This Privacy Policy applies to the sports-related websites, mobile sites, applications ("apps"), widgets, and other content and services that are linked to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "FSD Sites"), including Foxsports.
com, Foxsoccer.
com, Speed.
com, FoxDeportes.
com, SoonerSports.
tv and FOXSportsNext.
com (formerly, Scout.
com).
By providing personal information to us and using the FSD Sites, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
To see a list of our affiliated companies ("FSD Affiliates") click here.
As set forth in our Terms of Use, the FSD Sites are for a general audience, are not targeted to children, and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.
This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use some of the FSD Sites without being registered for a FSD Site and those who have registered for one or more FSD Site.
This Privacy Policy applies to FSD's collection and use of your personal information (i.
e.
, information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address).
It also describes generally FSD's practices for handling non-personal information (e.
g.
, interests, demographics and services usage).
Services Offered with Microsoft We work with Microsoft to bring you certain features for some of the FSD Sites.
  By providing information to or using the FSD Sites, you agree that we may share your information with Microsoft.
Microsoft's use of your information is governed by Microsoft's Privacy Policy, which can be found here: http://privacy.
microsoft.
com/en-us/default.
mspx.
Services Offered with Publishers FOX Sports Next works with local website owners and content providers (collectively "Publishers") to bring you certain features for some of the FOX Sports Next services, such as magazines, message boards and premium forums (the "FOX Sports Next Services").
By providing information to, or using, those FOX Sports Next Services, you agree that we may share your information with the applicable Publisher.
Click here for a list of Publishers.
Be sure to check the applicable Publisher's privacy policy that governs the Publisher's use of your information.
2.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION FSD and our service providers collect the following information from and about you:.
Registration Information is the information you submit to register for our FSD Sites, for example to create a FSD account, post comments, receive a newsletter or mobile alert, or enter a contest or sweepstakes.
Registration Information may include, for example, name, email address, gender, zip code, birthday, and phone number.
Public Information and Posts consist of comments or content that you post to the FSD Sites and the information about you that accompanies those posts or content, which may include a name, user name, comments, likes, status, profile information and picture.
Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and may be displayed in search results on external search engines.
Social Media Information and Content.
If you access or log-in to a FSD Site through a social media service or another website, app, service or log-in ("Other Service"), or connect a FSD Site to Other Services, the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that Other Service, any information or content you have permitted the Other Service to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends' lists, and any information you have made public in connection with that Other Service (collectively, "Social Media Information and Content").
When you access the FSD Sites through Other Services, or when you connect a FSD Site to Other Services, you are authorizing FSD to collect, store, and use any and all Social Media Information and Content in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Site Activity Information.
When you access and interact with the FSD Sites, we and our service providers may collect certain information about those visits.
For example, in order to permit your connection to the FSD Sites, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information.
If you access the FSD Sites from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data, or other transactional information for that device in order to provide the FSD Sites to it.
Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies), which are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier, may also be used.
Websites, apps, and services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that website.
These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the FSD Sites, such as pages you have visited, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen.
Third parties that support the FSD Sites by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate FSD Site usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information.
FSD does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies.
For more information about third party ad networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see www.
aboutads.
info/consumers, and to opt-out of such ad networks' and services' advertising practices, go to www.
aboutads.
info/choices.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether.
Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information (e.
g.
, http://windows.
microsoft.
com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies).
 Users can manage the use of Flash technologies with the Flash management tools available at Adobe's website, see http://www.
adobe.
com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.
html.
 Please note that by blocking any or all cookies, you may not have access to certain features, content or personalization available through the FSD Sites.
Information from Other Sources.
To improve the quality of the FSD Sites, we and our service providers may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our FSD Affiliates or business partners.
3.
NOTICE AND CHOICE Means of Notice and Choice.
This Privacy Policy and your account settings are the primary means by which FSD provides you with notice and choice regarding its collection and use of your personal information.
FSD will not use your personal information in a manner that is new or unexpected without giving you a choice.
Updates to Privacy Policy.
FSD may modify this Privacy Policy.
Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the FSD Sites.
If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use the personal information we have already collected from you, we will notify you and provide you with a choice about our future use of that information.
Location of Data Storage.
The FSD Sites are hosted in and managed from the United States.
If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States.
United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction.
This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above.
As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care.
Linked Services.
The FSD Sites may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies.
FSD is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies and once you leave the FSD Sites via a link, enable an unaffiliated service, or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the unaffiliated service.
Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Payment Service.
In some cases, we may use an unaffiliated payment service to allow you to purchase a product or make payments ("Payment Service").
If you wish to purchase a product or make a payment using a Payment Service, you will be directed to a Payment Service webpage.
Any information that you provide to a Payment Service will be subject to the applicable Payment Service's privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy.
We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any Payment Service's use of information collected through any Payment Service.
4.
USE AND DISCLOSURE We use the personal information and other information we collect from and about you for the following purposes: To provide and manage the FSD Sites.
We use the information we collect from and about you to provide the FSD Sites and features to you, including to measure and improve those FSD Sites and features, to personalize your experience with both online and off-line FSD Services by delivering relevant content, advertising and marketing messages, to allow you to comment on content, participate in online games, contests, or rewards programs, to provide you with customer support, and to respond to inquiries.
We may also use aggregate or anonymous data about your use of and activity on the FSD Sites to assist us in this regard.
To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the FSD Sites.
FSD may make your information available to certain third party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide the FSD Sites.
These service providers are required to protect the personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any purpose other than the specific service they are providing to you and FSD.
To allow social sharing functionality.
If you log-in with or connect your social media account with a FSD Site, we will share your social media user name, picture, and likes, as well as your activities and comments with other FSD Sites' users and with your friends associated with your social media account.
We will also share the same information with your social media account provider.
By logging-in with or connecting your FSD Sites account and your social media account, you are authorizing us to share information with your social media account provider, other users and your friends, and you understand that the use of the shared information will be governed by the social media site's privacy policy.
If you do not want your personal information shared in this way, please do not connect your social media account with your FSD Sites account and do not participate in social sharing on the FSD Sites.
To provide co-branded services and features.
We may offer co-branded services or features, such as contests, sweepstakes or other promotions together with a third party ("Co-Branded Services").
These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on FSD Services or on the third party's service.
By virtue of these relationships, we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with the third party.
The third party's use of your information will be governed by the third party's privacy policy.
To deliver relevant advertisements.
We and our service providers may use the information you provide to us, information we and our service providers collect about your use of the FSD Sites, and information that our service providers collect from your use of other websites and services through cookies and other technologies, to assist us in delivering you relevant ads when you visit the FSD Sites or Other Services.
As noted above, these third party advertising networks and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests.
To find out more about third party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see www.
about ads.
info, and to opt out of such advertising networks' and services' advertising practices, go to www.
aboutads.
info/choices.
To contact you.
FSD may periodically send promotional materials (e.
g.
, newsletters) or notifications related to the FSD Sites to the email address you provided to us at registration or for your account.
If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from a FSD Site, you can change your FSD account setting, or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email, or send an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for "Privacy Policy matters" listed here.
There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of, such as notifications of changes to the FSD Sites or policies.
If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app.
To share with our Affiliates.
FSD may share your information with FSD Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
A link to a website that lists FSD Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy.
Users who visit FSD Affiliates' services should still refer to their separate privacy policies, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.
To share with business partners.
FSD may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications, consistent with your choices.
To protect the rights of FSD and others.
There may be instances when FSD may disclose your information without providing notice or choice, including situations where FSD has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of FSD, our FSD Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the FSD Sites or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities.
To complete a merger or sale of assets.
If FSD sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, FSD may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.
When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties.
In some instances, we may combine that information with personal information, such as combining your zip code with your name.
If we combine this information with personal information, the combined information will be treated by us as personal information as long as it is combined.
5.
SECURITY FSD uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification.
However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information.
6.
USER CONTROL If you would like to access, review, correct, update, suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us, you may contact us using the mechanisms provided below.
In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your personal information suppressed from our database, or if you have other questions about your personal information.
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with FSD Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by sending an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for "Disclosure Opt-out" listed here, with "Disclosure Opt-out" in the subject line and your full name, email address, postal address and specific FSD Service you have subscribed to in the body of the email.
We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.
7.
DATA RETENTION We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
Remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with Other Services.
We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancelation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies.
It is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints, contractual, financial or legal requirements.
Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others, and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines.
8.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.
g.
, social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the FSD Sites or otherwise.
9.
CONTACT US If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an email to the applicable FSD Site email contact for "Privacy Policy matters" listed here.
Vikings have turned corner on special teams Twins make changes to Gardenhire's staff Peterson downplays rivalry with Johnson F1: Webber Shows Signs Of Life In Second.
.
.
F1: McLaren Remains Red Hot In Suzuka P1 CUP: SPEED Crew Thunders Into Talladega Tamba Hali off to slow start Auguste ready to face Georgia Lasike moving on up Travis Browne vs.
Antonio Silva EPIC Stare.
.
.
Jake Ellenberger and Jay Hieron: On Weight.
.
.
Jon Dodson Bringing Batman-Style To The UFC Dwight to Shaq: 'Your time is up' Colts launch 'CHUCKSTRONG' MLB selling Cabrera Triple Crown dirt Morelia sigue sin poder ganar Pumas se pronuncia contra discriminación Buenas noticias para Cruz Azul Hernandez bait for Real swoop Udinese roars backs, upsets Liverpool Highlights: Liverpool vs.
Udinese NFL NFL Home NFL Scores NFL Schedule NFL Standings NFL Power Rankings NFL Teams NFL Players NFL Videos NFL Photos NFL Lists NFL Tickets NFL Gear MLB MLB Home MLB Scores MLB Schedule MLB Standings MLB Power Rankings MLB Teams MLB Players MLB Videos MLB Photos MLB Lists MLB Tickets MLB Gear NBA NBA Home NBA Scores NBA Schedule NBA Standings NBA Power Rankings NBA Teams NBA Players NBA Videos NBA Photos NBA Lists NBA Tickets NBA Gear NHL NHL Home NHL Scores NHL Schedule NHL Standings NHL Power Rankings NHL Teams NHL Players NHL Videos NHL Photos NHL Lists NHL Tickets NHL Gear NCAA FB NCAA FB Home NCAA FB Scores NCAA FB Schedule NCAA FB Standings NCAA FB Power Rankings NCAA FB Teams NCAA FB Stats NCAA FB Videos NCAA FB Photos NCAA FB Lists NCAA FB Tickets NCAA FB Gear More NASCAR NCAA BK Soccer Golf Fantasy Video Photos Lists Mobile Tickets Partners FOX News News Corp.
FOX FOX Sports Supports FX Speed TV Fuel TV What If Sports FOXSports.
com › Contact Us Press Jobs Join Our Opinion Panel Subscribe Sitemap Other FOX Sites › FOX.
com FOX News News Corp.
FOX Sports Supports Statistical Information provided by: STATS LLC © 2012 Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC.
All rights reserved.
New Privacy Policy | Ad Choices | Terms of Use MSN Privacy Legal Advertise RSS About our ads Microsoft© 2012 Microsoft 
