 Saks Fifth Avenue CLOSE     Use Code BEAUTY3G for Green and BEAUTY3N for Navy.
*ONLY ONE PER CUSTOMER.
LIMIT OF FIVE PROMO CODES PER ORDER.
Valid at Saks.
com thru Sun.
, 10/07/2012 at 11:59pm(ET) or while supplies last.
Please enter appropriate promo code at checkout for the color you are requesting.
Purchase must contain $100 of beauty or fragrance.
Excludes taxes &amp; gift-wrap.
No adjustments to prior purchases.
This offer is not transferable.
Valid on US shipments.
Not valid on international shipments.
**Free Shipping offer valid for Standard shipping on Saks.
com only.
Not valid on Rush, Next Business Day or Saturday delivery.
Duty-Free &amp; Tax-Free Shipping on all orders to the United Kingdom Details CLOSE Enjoy a special treat from Saks.
com: No duty or taxes will be charged on all orders to the United Kingdom* Now through Sunday, October 7th, 2012 No promo code required at checkout *Compliments of Saks.
com - No duties or taxes will be charged on all orders to the United Kingdom, through Sunday, October 7th, at 11:59pm(ET).
No promo code required.
Also receive $19.
99 USD Express Shipping offer with orders of $99 USD and more through Sunday, October 7th.
Offer valid at Saks.
com only.
To redeem, select Express shipping and enter promotional code: UKCAN12.
Valid on shipments to United Kingdom addresses only.
Not valid on US or other international shipments.
Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses.
Not valid in Saks Fifth Avenue stores or Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores.
Not valid on purchases of Gift cards.
No adjustments to prior purchases.
This offer is non-transferable Click	here for additional shipping and tax information.
$19.
99 USD Express Shipping to select countries on orders of $99 USD and more with code: ROW12 Details CLOSE Enjoy a special treat from Saks.
com: $19.
99 USD Express Shipping to select countries on orders of $99 USD and more* Now through Sunday, October 7th, 2012 Just enter promo code: ROW12 at checkout.
*$19.
99 USD Express Shipping offer valid with orders of $99 USD and more through Sunday, October 7th, 2012, at 11:59pm(ET).
Offer valid at Saks.
com only.
To redeem, select Express shipping and enter promotional code: ROW12.
Offer valid on shipments to Australia, Antigua and Barbuda, Anguilla, Argentina, Aruba, Austria, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belgium, Belize, Bermuda, Bolivia, Brazil, Brunei, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Cayman Islands, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Estonia, Finland, France, French Guiana, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Grenada, Guadeloupe, Guatemala, Guernsey, Honduras, Hong Kong, Hungary, Iceland, India, Indonesia, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Jamaica, Jersey, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macau, Maldives, Malta, Martinique, Mexico, Monaco, Montserrat, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Norway, Oman, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Reunion, Romania, Russian Federation, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkey, Turks and Caicos Islands, United Arab Emirates, and Qatar addresses only.
Not valid on US shipments.
Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses.
Not valid in Saks Fifth Avenue stores or Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores.
Not valid on purchases of Gift cards.
No adjustments to prior purchases.
This offer is non-transferable.
Click here for additional shipping and tax information.
Free Express Shipping on all orders to Japan, with code: JAPAN12 Details CLOSE Enjoy a special treat from Saks.
com: Free Express Shipping on all orders to Japan* Now through Sunday, October 7th, 2012 Just enter promo code: JAPAN12 at checkout.
*Free Express Shipping offer valid with all orders through Sunday, October 7th, at 11:59pm(ET).
Offer valid at Saks.
com only.
To redeem, select Express shipping and enter promotional code: JAPAN12.
Valid on shipments to Japan addresses only.
Not valid on US or other international shipments.
Offer may not be used when shipping to multiple addresses.
Not valid in Saks Fifth Avenue stores or Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH stores.
Not valid on purchases of Gift cards.
No adjustments to prior purchases.
This offer is non-transferable.
Click	here for additional shipping and tax information.
     All CategoriesWomen's ApparelShoes &amp; HandbagsJewelry &amp; AccessoriesBeauty &amp; FragranceThe Men's StoreJust KidsHome &amp; GourmetGift ShopSaks Sale  SHOP BY DESIGNER WOMENS APPAREL SHOES &amp; HANDBAGS JEWELRY &amp; ACCESSORIES BEAUTY &amp; FRAGRANCE THE MENS STORE JUST KIDS HOME &amp; GOURMET GIFT SHOP SAKS SALE Fashion Fix  ? Items  IN ORDER TO USE ALL OF THE SITE FUNCTIONALITY ON THE SAKS FIFTH AVENUE WEBSITE, YOU MUST HAVE JAVASCRIPT ENABLED ON YOUR BROWSER.
For instructions to enable JavaScript, click here.
24/7 Customer Service: Live Chat  •  Email  • 1.
877.
551.
SAKS (7257) Our Privacy Policy &amp; Our Website Terms Of Use Our Privacy Policy  •  Our Website Terms Of Use Our Privacy Policy Last updated April 4, 2011.
  Click here to see our Privacy Policy effective as of October 8, 2012 Thank you for visiting the Saks.
com website.
Saks.
com is owned and operated by Saks Direct, Inc.
, a Saks Incorporated company.
Our commitment to you as our valued customer is to provide an exciting and safe online shopping experience, as well as the elevated level of personal service that is synonymous with Saks Fifth Avenue.
Part of this commitment is to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information we obtain from you through our website.
We have created this privacy policy to inform you about how we collect, use and share your personal information, and our privacy practices in general.
Please note this policy addresses information we collect from you through our website and does not apply to information collected through Saks Fifth Avenue retail stores or other offline means.
We are always ready to address your questions and concerns regarding this policy and our privacy practices.
If you would like to speak to a Customer Service representative, please contact us through one of the following methods: By E-mail: service@saks.
com By Telephone: 1.
877.
551.
SAKS (7257) By Mail: Saks Direct, Inc.
P.
O.
Box 10327 Jackson, MS 39289 Frequently Asked Questions What information does Saks collect? How does Saks use the information collected? What information does Saks share with others? How can I view, update or remove my information? What choices do I have about receiving communications from Saks? Is there a Saks credit card? What about security? Does Saks use cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies? What about other websites? What is Saks's policy regarding children? Whom do I contact if I have additional questions or concerns about this policy? What are California Privacy Rights Why is my billing address required for online purchases?   Q: What information does Saks collect? A: • When you make a purchase at our website, we collect your full name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address and payment information (including credit card number or gift card number).
  • When you create an account at our website, we collect your full name, email address and password.
  • When you choose to participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions, we collect your full name, email address, zip code and gender.
We may also collect your birthday (month/day) and your local Saks Fifth Avenue retail store, if you choose to supply the information.
  • From your transactions and other interactions with us, we collect information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use.
  • When you send a gift to another person we collect that person's full name and shipping address.
  • When you ask us a question, we collect your name, email address or other contact information.
  • We may collect certain demographic information (such as gender or age) and information about your interests and preferences if you provide them.
  • When you request a mail order catalog we collect your full name and mailing address.
  • When you subscribe for email updates or offers, we collect your e-mail address.
  • We collect information you voluntarily submit when participating in one of our various services, programs or surveys.
  • We may also receive information about you from other companies which helps us to customize our services.
  From time to time, we may collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of our website, such as how many customers visit a specific page on the website, how long they stay on a page and which hyperlinks, if any, they click on.
We collect this information though the use of cookies and other tracking technologies, which are discussed below.
We may also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, your browser information (including browser type, capabilities and language), your operating system, the date and time you accessed the website, and the website from which you linked to our website.
We collect this information in order to determine which areas of our website are most popular and to enhance the website for our customers.
We may group this information into aggregate customer data in order to describe the use of the website and interest in the website activities to our existing or potential business partners, sponsors, advertisers or other third parties, or in response to a government request.
We may also group demographic information that we collect from visitors into aggregate data for the same purposes.
It is our policy not to link this aggregate information to your personal information.
Back to top   Q: How does Saks use the information collected? A: • To complete your purchase transactions and provide the services you request.
  • To send you catalogs and other offerings through the email and direct mail.
  • To contact you about the status of your orders.
  • To identify your product and service preferences, so that you can be informed of new or additional products, services, and promotions offered by the Saks family of affiliated companies and other marketing partners that might be of interest to you and to improve our website, merchandise selection, customer service, and overall customer shopping experience.
Back to top   Q: What information does Saks share with others? A: Saks Family: We may share collected information within the Saks family of affiliated companies (including, without limitation, Saks Incorporated and Saks Fifth Avenue Off 5th).
  Co-Marketing Partners: Saks may team with another company to conduct a sweepstakes, promotional campaign or other event (e.
g.
, a jointly sponsored shopping event).
In those cases, each of the participating co-marketing partners may receive information about you from us.
Such information will be shared on an aggregated basis, unless otherwise indicated at the point where you submit your personal information.
  Legal Disclosures: In the highly unlikely event Saks is required to disclose customer information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws, Saks will make such disclosure.
  Sale of Business: In the event the ownership of all or a part of a business within the Saks family of affiliated companies were to change, customer information pertinent to that business' operations would likely be transferred to, or licensed for use by, the new owner.
  Saks Credit Card Accounts: We may share your information with the financial institution that issues Saks credit card accounts (please see the "Is there a Saks credit card?" section for more information).
  Service Providers: We use third-party service providers to perform certain services on our behalf, such as processing payments, maintaining the website and our mailing lists, storing, processing and transmitting data, creating and executing email campaigns, and providing marketing assistance, web analytics and data analysis.
We may provide your information to these third-party service providers when the information is necessary for them to perform their duties.
These third-party service providers are prohibited from using personal information for any other purpose and are contractually required to comply with all applicable laws, which may include Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards if they are processing payments for Saks.
Back to top   Q: How can I view, update or remove my information? A: If you have registered for an account or made a purchase, you may view and update your account information by logging into the "Online Account" section of the website with your email address and password.
Once logged in, you can view or update your name, address, telephone number or email address.
You can also call, write or email a Customer Service representative to access or update any of this information.
Back to top   Q: What choices do I have about receiving communications from Saks? A: To receive promotional email offers from the Saks family of affiliated companies notifying you of special deals, web-only offers and product previews, you can sign up on our website or by contacting a Customer Service representative.
If you register for a website account or make a purchase, you will automatically receive promotional emails from the Saks family of affiliated companies, unless you opt-out from receiving promotional emails.
To remove yourself from our email list, you can: click the unsubscribe link in any of our promotional emails you receive; change your email preferences by logging into the "Online Account" section of the website; or contact a Customer Service representative.
Our customers receive standard order status communications, such as order confirmation and shipping dates, via email.
Please note that your choice to opt-out of promotional emails will not affect email notifications regarding your order with us.
If you would like to be removed from our catalog mailing list, please contact a Customer Service representative by mail, phone or email to stop receiving paper catalogs.
We will make every effort to implement your choice as soon as possible, but you should allow approximately 3 months for mailing change requests to be fully implemented.
Back to top   Q: Is there a Saks credit card? A: The Saks Fifth Avenue MasterCard® and the Saks Fifth Avenue private label credit cards are issued by Capital One N.
A.
and are serviced by its affiliates, Capital One.
Saks does not collect or process any online applications for these credit card products.
Those applications are made directly on the issuer-operated website and are subject to its privacy policy and practices.
MasterCard® is a registered trademark of MasterCard International, Incorporated.
To obtain a privacy policy, opt-out information, or contact information for the Saks Fifth Avenue MasterCard® and the Saks Fifth Avenue private label credit cards, you may contact Cardmember Benefits.
Back to top   Q: What about security? A: Protecting the security of your information is very important to us.
When you transmit sensitive personal information (such as credit card information) from your computer to our servers, your information is protected by both a "firewall" (a combination of computer hardware and software that helps keep unauthorized visitors from accessing information within our computer network) and industry standard SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.
Once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable precautions to secure and protect the information on our systems.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be 100% secure and, accordingly, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online.
However, we strive to protect your information and privacy.
Back to top   Q: Does Saks use cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies? A: Saks uses cookies (both session and persistent) and web beacons to enhance your browsing and shopping experience on the website.
Cookies are small files or records that we place on your computer's hard drive to collect information about your activities on the website.
Web beacons (also called "pixel tags") are small strings of code placed on a web page or within an email for the purpose of transferring information.
We and the web analytics provider that we use to help manage our Internet business and communications employ cookies and web beacons placed on pages of our website and in email to deliver our ads, to measure the effectiveness of our advertising, and to learn how customers use our website.
The type of information that we collect through this technology includes the price, quantity and product id of the products viewed by the customer, the unique user id, the areas of the website viewed by the customer and certain personally identifiable information relating to the customer.
By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things such as what kinds of customers our website attract, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see.
Although our web analytics provider logs the information coming from our website on our behalf, we control how that data is in fact used.
Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open and are deleted once your browser session ends.
We use session cookies to complete your purchase transaction.
On the other hand, persistent cookies remain on your hard drive after your browser session ends.
We use persistent cookies to improve your overall website experience.
The cookies set by Saks transmit information back to our computers and are the only computers which are authorized to read such information.
The information captured makes it possible for us: (i) to speed navigation, keep track of items in your shopping cart, and provide you with custom tailored content; (ii) to remember information you gave to us so you don't have to reenter it each time you visit the website; (iii) to monitor the effectiveness of some of our marketing e-mail campaigns and advertising; and (iv) to monitor total number of visitors, pages viewed, and the total number of visitors served.
Most people do not even know that cookies are being placed on their computers when they visit our website or most other websites because web browsers are typically set to automatically accept cookies.
You can choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can turn off cookie acceptance altogether.
You will still be able to browse our website and make purchases, but you will not be able to retrieve your saved account information without cookies.
Moreover, by not allowing cookies, your overall Internet browsing experience could be adversely affected.
In addition to web beacons and cookies discussed above, we may utilize 3rd party tracking pixels and cookies to help manage online advertising.
These pixels are provided by our advertising delivery partners.
These pixels enable our partners to recognize a unique cookie on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website as well as provide you with targeted advertisements.
In addition, our advertising delivery partners may place a 3rd party cookie on your computer as you browse the Website.
The information we collect and share in connection with these 3rd party tracking pixels and cookies is anonymous and not personally identifiable.
It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
Currently, we provide 3rd party tracking pixels and cookies from the following advertising delivery partner: DoubleClick.
In addition, we may at some point in the future engage other advertising delivery partners.
For more information regarding 3rd party pixels and cookies or to opt out of targeted advertisements delivered by our advertising delivery partners, go to http://www.
networkadvertising.
org/managing/opt_out.
asp.
We also use technology to capture each online transaction in a file, which we mainly use for customer service purposes.
These files are deleted from our servers on a regular basis.
Back to top   Q: What about other websites? A: Please be aware that when you are on our website, you could be directed via links to other third-party websites that are not affiliated with Saks.
These websites may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data or solicit your information.
The privacy policies of these other websites may be very different from our policy.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected there.
Back to top   Q: What is Saks's policy regarding children? A: Our website is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age.
Saks does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Back to top   Q: Whom do I contact if I have additional questions or concerns about this policy? A: If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or our privacy practices, contact Customer Service by Live Chat, Email, or telephone.
Back to top   Q: What are California Privacy Rights? A: If you are a California resident and would like a copy of our notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for their direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the third parties and affiliates that received your information in the past year, please submit a written request to the following address specifying that you want a copy of Saks' "California Privacy Rights" notice: Saks Direct, Inc.
, P.
O.
Box 10327, Jackson, MS 39289, attn: California Privacy.
Please allow up to 30 days for us to process your request.
You may submit such a request once per year.
Back to top   Q: Why is my billing address required for online purchases? A: We ask for your billing address in order to prevent against fraudulent use of credit cards and reduce the costs to Saks and its customers.
We do not use billing addresses for marketing purposes.
Back to top CONTACT US 24/7 Customer Service Chat Email 1.
877.
551.
7257 SHIPPING, RETURNS &amp; TAXES Domestic International Order Status &amp; Tracking SAKS CARD SaksFirst Pay Bills &amp; Manage Apply Upgrade to the Saks MasterCard STORES &amp; CORPORATE Store Locator &amp; Events About Us Careers Policies SHOP Catalogs Gift Cards Email Sign-Up Enter Email Address   Go Get the Saks Point of View Follow Us on Twitter Find Us on Facebook Follow Us on Pinterest Saks App &amp; More: Saks Fifth Avenue is proud to be named a J.
D.
Power and Associates 2012 Customer Service Champion and is 1 of only 8 retailers so named.
© 2012, Saks Fifth Avenue 
