 Users Online Now: 2,357 (Who's On?)
Visitors Today: 711,942 Pageviews Today: 1,189,870 Threads Today: 491 Posts Today: 8,185 02:33 PM Join Our:  Facebook - Twitter - YouTube - Podcasts Donate To GLP Directory Adv.
 Search Topics Forum Privacy Information What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, and country.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
.
What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: • To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) • To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you) • To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs) • To process transactions Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
• To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature • To send periodic emails The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server.
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required toï¿½keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.
) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.
These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Your IP address is not considered personally identifiable information as it would require a court order to determine your identity from your IP address.
Therefor your IP address my be disclosed to 3rd party partners or to the public in general at the discretion of the administration of this website.
Third party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.
These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.
We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.
We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://godlikeproductions.
com Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 9-24-09 trinity@godlikeproductions.
com News Alex Karras, NFL great and MONGO from Blazing Saddles dies at 77 U.
S.
House hearing investigates terror attack in Libya Obama attended wedding of VP debate moderator and Husband FCC Chairman Two out of three workers are looking for new jobs New Senate Report: Counterterrorism 'Fusion' Centers Invade Innocent Americans’ Privacy and Don’t Stop Terrorism Lockheed Martin to Control Pentagon's Global Information Grid Copyright Scofflaws Beware: ISPs to Begin Monitoring Illicit File Sharing 11-Year-Old Boy Makes Most Important Woolly Mammoth Discovery Of The Century Frenchman, American win Nobel for quantum physics Spies or No Spies, U.
S.
Companies Should Fear Huawei European nuclear power plants ill-set for disaster Medicine Nobel Awarded to Stem Cell Pioneers Who Reprogrammed Adult Cells Predicting The Future: Fantasy Or A Good Algorithm? Researchers use magnets to cause programmed cancer cell deaths You Built What?!: A Tesla Coil Gun That Produces Foot-Long Sparks Video: SpaceX's Dragon Capsule Blasts Toward Space Station Krugman Lets Loose On Jobs Report Truthers Chinese telcos branded national security risk for US House Science Member Says Earth Is 9,000 Years Old Declassified at Last: Air Force’s Supersonic Flying Saucer Schematics US anti-terror big data experiment 'breached privacy' A Tale of Two Countries: New Zealand Apologizes for Illegal Domestic Spying, While US Still Refuses to Acknowledge NSA’s Warrantless Wiretapping Astronomers discover a new black hole in our galaxy Deep Impact spacecraft completes rocket burn Signal, Interrupted: Sun Spots Interfere with Satellites this Week Disclaimer / Copyright Info  -  Privacy Policy  -  Terms Of Use Mail Webmaster with questions or comments about this site.
"Godlike Productions" &amp; "GLP" are registered trademarks of Zero Point Ltd.
Website Design Copyright © 1999 - 2012 Godlikeproductions.
com Page generated in 0.
015s (0 queries) 
