 My Account Contact Us Back to Equifax.
com Skip To Navigation Products Customer Service   Resources Equifax Mortgage Match™ Learn At Equifax Equifax Rate Finder™ Member Center Home &gt;&gt; Policies/Rights &gt;&gt; Frequently Asked Questions Search Search by Keyword Advanced Search Limit by product (accessible option)  Limit by product Select a product  - Sorry, this control is not accessible.
Please use above link instead.
Reports Disputes Free Report Freeze a Report General Information Lock A Report Share a Report Scores General Information Debt General Information Alert Notifications Alerts General Information Report Score Monitoring General Information Policies/Rights Contact Us Privacy Policies Personal Credit Reports Equifax Personal Products Equifax Small Business Products About Equifax Business Solutions Equifax Settlement Services Information about Equifax Corporation Applying for a Job at Equifax U.
S.
- EU Safe Harbor Privacy Glossary Equifax Online Privacy Policy About Equifax Effective Date:  December 1, 2011 This privacy policy applies when you are obtaining information about Equifax Corporation through the US Equifax.
com web site.
This policy covers the following topics: Information Collection and Use To Whom We May Disclose The Information We Collect Your Choice and Control Over Your Information  Efforts We Make To Safeguard Your Personal Information Changes to This Privacy Policy Special note for parents: The Equifax web site is a general audience site and is not designed or intended to attract children younger than 13.
We do not collect personal information from any person we actually know is younger than 13.
If you have questions or comments about Equifax's privacy policy, please e-mail us at privacy@Equifax.
com or write to Chief Privacy Officer, Equifax Inc.
, 1550 Peachtree Street, NW, Atlanta, GA 30309.
  INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE We collect personal and non-personal information on our web site to customize the content you see, fulfill your requests, improve our products and services, and contact you.
There are aspects of our site that can be enjoyed as a visitor, but you need to register in order to take advantage of some functionality on the site, such as receiving RSS feeds or e-mail alerts or participate in webcasts.
Information We Collect From You Registration: We receive information from you when you register in order to receive alerts, news feeds, or investor information.
We also receive information from you when you register in order to participate in our webcasts.
Log information: When you visit our site, our servers automatically collect log information.
This information may include your Web page request, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
We collect log information so that we can properly administer our system and gather aggregate information about how our site is being used, including the pages visitors are viewing on our site.
Cookies: We use session cookies on the pages that contain information about Equifax.
These cookies are deleted when you close your browser.
Our web site optimization and marketing partner, Adobe Omniture, may also place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser, sometimes called a "third-party cookie.
" Web beacons: We and our site optimization and marketing partner use web beacons, sometimes called single-pixel GIFs, that momentarily direct your browser to a server other than Equifax in a way that may not be apparent to you.
Web beacons are used to count users who visited specific pages and determine which emails were opened and/or acted upon when we send HTML-formatted email messages.
We may link your identifying information to web beacons.
Information We Collect From Others We may also collect information about you from third parties that operate portions of our web site on our behalf.
For example, our webcasts are administered by Thomson Reuters, which collects information about attendees and may share this information with us.
When we associate information that we obtain from third parties with personal information that we have collected under this policy, we will treat the acquired information like the information that we collected ourselves.
We will not share information we obtain from third parties in personally identifiable form.
However, we may share aggregated, non-personal information as described in this policy, including information we obtained from third parties, in a form that will not allow you to be identified.
How We Use The Information We Collect We use the information we collect about you to administer our web site, to improve the user experience on our web site, and to offer products or services that might be of interest to you.
For example, session cookies are used in order to gather aggregated statistical data about the use of our web site and to help us improve navigation of our web site.
  TO WHOM WE MAY DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT We take reasonable precautions to be sure that nonaffiliated third parties and affiliates, to whom we disclose your personally identifiable information are aware of our privacy policy and will treat the information in a similarly responsible manner.
Our contracts and written agreements with nonaffiliated third parties that receive information from us about you prevent further transfer of the information.
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties except to provide you with information or service you request or under certain circumstances as described in this policy.
Disclosure for legal reasons: We may release personal information to third parties: (1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others, a threat to homeland security, a threat to our system or network, or cases in which we believe it is reasonably necessary to investigate or prevent harm, fraud, abuse, or illegal conduct.
Agents and contractors: Our contractors sometimes have access to your personal information in the course of assisting in operating our business and providing products or services to you.
These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content for the operation and maintenance of our site.
Some of these relationships may be with companies that co-brand portions of their site and services, or that provide services to you on our behalf.
Co-branded sites may have their own privacy policies posted on their sites.
If you visit a co-branded site, please read the privacy policy that is posted on that site.
Access to your personal information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function.
Contractors have an obligation under their contracts with us to keep your information confidential and to comply with our privacy and security policies.
Links to other sites: We may provide links to other sites that might be of interest to you.
When you click on one of those links, we will not provide any personal information about you, but will let the site know that you came from Equifax.
We do not control the privacy practices and policies of other sites.
Please read their privacy policies in order to understand what information they collect about you and how they use it.
Aggregated, non-personal information: We may share aggregated non-personal information about you with third parties.
This is information that is combined with the non-personal information of other users and does not allow you to be identified or contacted.
Depending on the circumstances, we may or may not charge third parties for this aggregated information.
We also may not limit the third parties' use of the aggregated information.
Changes in our corporate structure: If all or part of our company is sold, merged or otherwise transferred to another entity, the personal information you have provided to us may be transferred as part of that transaction.
We will take steps to ensure that, without your consent, any personal information that is transferred will not be used or shared in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Policy under which it was collected.
  YOUR CHOICE AND CONTROL OVER YOUR INFORMATION You may decline to provide personal information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although some features or services may not be available to you or may not function properly as a result.
Disabling Cookies: To turn off cookies placed by our web site optimization and marketing partner, you can opt out by visiting here.
Your browser software can be set to reject all cookies or to accept cookies only from our site.
Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the "Help" section of the toolbar.
If you reject our cookies, you may not be able to log in or use certain functions and conveniences of our site.
  EFFORTS WE MAKE TO SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We are committed to protecting the security of your information through procedures and technology designed for this purpose by taking these steps: We limit access to your personal information to employees having a reasonable need to access this information to provide products and services to you.
Employees who misuse information are subject to disciplinary action, including termination.
We have reasonable physical, technical and procedural safeguards to help protect your personal information.
In areas that contain your personal information, we use secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to help protect this information while it is in transit between our servers and your computer.
What you can do to help keep your information secure You also have a role in protecting the security of information about you.
Choose your passwords carefully: Always create a password that's easy for you to remember but difficult for someone else to figure out.
Don't use your name, address, phone number, initials, Social Security number, license plate or birthday.
Don't use names of your friends, family or pets, company names, common numerical sequences or the word "password.
" Log out and close your browser: Open browsers invite snoops.
When you finish your online session, close your browser to erase any information it may have temporarily stored on your computer.
Install antivirus software and spyware protection: Viruses are dangerous.
They can slip into your system without your knowledge.
Some viruses such as Trojan Horses can capture the contents of your system, including your passwords.
Installing up-to-date antivirus software and running it will help thwart these and other unwanted programs.
  CHANGES TO THIS POLICY We may change our privacy policy in the future, but we will not change our practices until they have been posted at this web site.
If changes occur, we will also show the date of revision.
By using our web sites to which this privacy policy applies you agree that we may notify you of changes in our privacy policy through this web site.
Updated 06/06/2012 04:59 PM Answer ID 467 Email this page Recipient Email *Required Your Email *Required Your Name *Required Print this page Can't find what you are looking for? Ask a Question Chat Was this answer helpful? Rate answer 1 of 5 Rate answer 2 of 5 Rate answer 3 of 5 Rate answer 4 of 5 Rate answer 5 of 5    Please tell us how we can make this answer more useful.
Email *Required Your Feedback *Required Answers others found helpful Contact Us Equifax Online Privacy Policy FCRA Summary of Rights Correcting Errors on Your Credit File Product and Equifax Website Terms of Use Go Back to Search Results Powered By RightNow Technologies   ©2012 Equifax, Inc.
, All rights reserved    Privacy Policy Terms of Use FACT Act 
