 Finding great jobs for great people over 299,000 jobs | 1.
6 million CVs | 3.
7 million active subscribers | 24.
6 million monthly visits Home Find a job Post a job Products &amp; Services About StepStone Join StepStone Home footer Privacy statement Terms Of Use, Copyright, Privacy Statement, Disclaimer Terms Of Use &amp; Copyright Privacy Statement &amp; Disclaimer Terms Of Use By using our web site you agree to be legally bound by these Terms of Use, as they may be modified and posted on our web site from time to time.
If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Use then you may not use our web site.
This web site contains many types of data and information, which are protected by trade mark and copyright laws.
It is therefore not permitted to download, copy or distribute the whole or any part of this web site.
However we do permit you to make technical copies for the purposes of reading or browsing and you may also make permanent copies for your personal use.
Downloads Downloads shall be entirely at your own risk.
We shall not be liable for any damage which may result from the download, installation, storage or use of software or content from our web site not due to our fault.
Although we use state of the art anti virus programs, any liability for damage or disturbance of functionality caused by viruses or worms is excluded.
Content We are liable for the content on our web sites to the extent that this is governed by local law.
However, we do not accept any liability for the accuracy, completeness, suitability for a particular purpose or currency of the information published.
Contact forms Please read our Privacy Statement carefully prior to disclosing any personal data.
We do not offer SSL encryption for the electronic transmittal of your personal data to us.
Links to other Web Sites If you follow an external link and thereby leave our site, the content of such other web site is beyond our control and influence.
We do not accept liability for this unless we had actual knowledge of the illegal content.
In such cases we will disable the link after investigation.
Please note that the terms of use and privacy statements of such linked sites may differ from the Terms of Use and Privacy Statement of our site.
Therefore you should read and comply with the privacy statements and terms of use posted on linked sites.
Attachments, Content Please ensure that you do not send us any attachments that contain worms or viruses.
Personal details provided to StepStone AS should not contain: Information on illnesses Information on pregnancy Any information about ethnic origin, political opinion, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health and sexual orientation Defamatory or slanderous information Information having no reasonable relation to the job profile The information you send us must be accurate and must not infringe the rights of third parties, contravene official regulations or breach public policy ("Illegal Content").
Please note that you shall undertake to indemnify us against all claims made against us as a consequence of your failure to prevent Illegal Content appearing in any information you provide.
Rights Reserved by StepStone AS StepStone AS does not warrant that the services offered on its web site are available at certain times.
Disturbances, interruptions or a possible breakdown of the online service cannot be excluded by StepStone AS.
Systematic backups of the servers are carried out regularly.
In so far as you transfer data to StepStone AS- regardless of type - we recommend that you store safety backup copies of your data.
We reserve the right to change, extend, limit or withdraw its services or to delete data without notice at any time.
You have no right to claim publication.
Other You agree to use the Internet at your own risk.
We have no liability for any down times on our web site caused by technical problems or access to the Internet.
StepStone AS 's Privacy Statement will apply in addition to these Terms of Use.
We reserve the right to amend these Terms of Use from time to time.
The invalidity or incompleteness of any individual provision of these Terms of Use will not effect the validity of the remaining terms.
These Terms of Use replace all other terms of use previously applicable to the use of our web site.
Privacy Statement Purpose of Data Collection One of the fundamentals of the relationship with StepStone – in fact of any relationship – is trust.
With StepStone, you can trust that we are 100% committed to protecting your privacy.
Our goal is to offer you, the user, a secure and risk free service.
We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information you submit to us remains confidential, and is used only for the purposes described on our site.
What information do we collect? On our web site we ask you to provide information which will enable us to enhance your visit to our web site.
Cookies This site does not use persistent cookies.
Log Files and Statistics In our Logfiles, we collect and store Internet Protocol addresses (IP addresses) for a limited period, as far as is necessary for data safety reasons.
We also use IP addresses to create anonymous statistics, in order to measure the number of visitors to our web site (traffic) and for accounting purposes to calculate the number of clicks received via web sites of our business partners.
We do not draw up user profiles or link IP addresses to personally identifiable information.
Illegal Content Please note that you are solely responsible for all texts entered into our system or sent to us.
Please ensure that you do not send us any attachments that contain viruses or worms.
The information you send us must be accurate and must not breach copyrights, trademarks or other intellectual property rights, contravene law, competition law or other applicable provisions, official regulations, the rights of third parties in general or public policy ("Illegal Content").
Please note that you undertake to indemnify us against all claims made against us as a consequence of your failure to prevent Illegal Content appearing in any information you provide.
Data Security We use a variety of methods, such as firewalls, intrusion detection software and manual security procedures, to help protect the accuracy and security of your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access or improper use by third parties.
Please note that some employment contracts may not permit private use of the Internet during working hours or from your work place.
Some employers systematically monitor unauthorised Internet activities on your work place.
Although you are connected via a multiple network environment, you should be aware that there is a risk of unwanted access.
Please note that JavaScript technology is used on our web sites.
Interruption of services, withdrawal or changes of services, deletion of data StepStone AS does not guarantee or warrant that the services are available at specific times.
Disturbances, interruptions or a possible breakdown of the online service cannot be excluded by StepStone AS.
Systematic backups of the servers are carried out regularly.
In so far as data have been transferred to StepStone AS - regardless their form - we recommend that you create your own backup copies.
StepStone AS reserves the right to delete a publication, without reason at any time without notice.
The user has no right to claim publication.
StepStone AS reserves the right to change, extend, limit or withdraw its services at any time.
Therefore, StepStone AS shall not be liable for any deleted data or loss of data.
Links Our web site contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites.
We encourage our visitors to be aware of this when they leave StepStone AS, and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected on our web site.
Privacy Statement changes Any changes to our privacy commitment will always be available here on our homepage so that our visitors are always aware of what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to third parties.
At the bottom of this page you will find links to former versions of our Privacy Statement.
If you want to store this Privacy Statement, please press ctrl–s, to print press ctrl-p.
Miscellaneous If you should have any concerns or queries in relation to our Privacy Statement please contact us: StepStone AS, Head office Oslo Thunes vei 2 0274 Oslo, Norway Tel: +47 2203 33 30 Fax: +47 22 03 33 60 E-mail : stepstone@stepstone.
no This Privacy Statement replaces all other privacy statements previously applicable to the use of our web site.
sitemap | Press | Contact | Join StepStone Copyright © 1996−2012 StepStone AS.
All rights reserved.
| Join StepStone | Terms of use | Privacy statement | sitemap 
