 All Models The 2013 Audi Models See All Audi Models See New Audi Models Learn More About Audi TDI® clean diesel Cars Progress is the driving force behind everything we do.
It is the result of meticulous design, exhaustive testing and inspired engineering.
And ultimately, it is the birthright of every car we build.
This year, a new generation of progress is taking hold.
A3 The 2013 Audi A3 Starting at $27,270* View A3 Overview Build Your Audi A3 Why should those wanting a compact, efficient* car settle for less quality or driving pleasure? The Audi A3 may cast a modest shadow, but its handling and powertrains, when combined with its roomy interior and available signature Audi technologies, make it a small car with a disproportionate level of desirability.
A4 The 2013 Audi A4 Starting at $32,500* View A4 Sedan Overview Build Your Audi A4 Sedan Already renowned for its athletic driving character and spacious interior, the Audi A4 returns for 2013 with a fresh look, a revised interior, and a new electromechanical steering system for better agility and efficiency.
Also Available S4 Sedan A5 The 2013 Audi A5 Coupe Starting at $37,850* View A5 Coupe Overview Build Your Audi A5 Coupe Performance against practicality has always been the discussion around coupes, but the 2013 Audi A5 Coupe harmoniously blends them together with brisk performance, all-weather traction, room for four, and a fuel-efficient* turbocharged engine.
The result is perhaps the best answer yet to the great coupe debate.
Also Available S5 Coupe A5 Cabriolet S5 Cabriolet RS 5 Coupe A6 The 2013 Audi A6 Starting at $42,200* View A6 Sedan Overview Build Your Audi A6 Sedan Given that the previous Audi A6 was still winning comparison tests in its final year, its replacement had big shoes to fill.
Yet the new model has proven every bit as distinguished, drawing acclaim for its sensuous interior, gratifying driving experience, and efficient** drivetrains.
Also Available S6 Sedan A7 The 2013 Audi A7 Starting at $60,100* View the A7 Overview Build Your Audi A7 Drivers who prefer their luxury with a dose of originality need look no further than the Audi A7.
Combining strong, smooth performance and a wealth of space and amenities, it also features a body whose unique form and daring roofline make for a striking statement on the road.
Also Available S7 Sedan A8 The 2013 Audi A8 Starting at $72,200* View A8 Overview Build Your Audi A8 The 2013 Audi A8 flagship represents progressive advances in engineering, technology, design and performance.
The A8 has moved luxury forward, solidifying our commitment to excellence with a refusal to settle for anything less.
Also Available S8 Sedan allroad The New Audi allroad® Starting at $39,600* View the Audi allroad® Overview Build your Audi allroad® The Audi allroad® has the proven capability of Audi quattro® all-wheel drive, the cargo capacity of a crossover and the refinement of a luxury car.
Together with its generous ground clearance and stainless steel underbody protection, the allroad® is at home on almost any terrain.
Q5 The 2013 Audi Q5 Starting at $35,900* View Q5 Overview Build Your Audi Q5 Every so often a car is made that perfectly delivers upon the desires of the times.
Right now that desire is the handling of a sport sedan, the higher ground clearance of an SUV, and the cabin of a luxury car - an apt description of the Audi Q5.
Q7 The 2013 Audi Q7 Starting at $46,800* View Q7 Overview Build Your Audi Q7 The Audi Q7 is a capable sport-utility that happens to excel at transporting seven passengers in the lap of luxury.
It offers a solid, substantial demeanor, the versatility of quattro® all-wheel drive, and the choice among two swift, supercharged gas engines and a turbocharged diesel V6 that can tow three tons.
* TT The 2013 Audi TT Coupe Starting at $38,650* View the TT Coupe Overview Build Your Audi TT Coupe A longtime design icon, the Audi TT Coupe has become renowned for its striking style and spirited performance.
Coupled with its efficient nature, four-passenger capacity, and Audi quattro® all-wheel drive, one might say the TT pioneered the concept of an indulgence that can be enjoyed every day.
** Also Available TT Roadster TTS Coupe TTS Roadster TT RS R8 The 2012 Audi R8 R8 4.
2 Starting at $114,200* View R8 Overview Build Your Audi R8 A rare and exclusive supercar with high-design, captivating refinement and a heritage of racing dominance.
With a mid-mounted V8 or V10 engine, quattro® all-wheel drive and an aluminum and magnesium Audi Space Frame (ASF®), the R8 Coupe offers handling and balance worthy of any racetrack.
Also Available R8 Spyder R8 GT R8 GT Spyder S The Audi S Models Enhanced Performance and Unrivaled Styling Define the S Models View S4 Overview View S4 Photos and Videos In the Audi S4, the S stands for both sport and style.
Your eyes will be drawn to its handsomely sculpted body and throaty quad tailpipes, but the real magic lies underhood, where you'll find a supercharged V6 engine channeling 333 horsepower through a performance-oriented quattro® all-wheel drive system.
Also Available TTS Coupe TTS Roadster S5 Coupe S5 Cabriolet S6 Sedan S8 Sedan S7 Sedan Home &gt;Privacy Share Social Networks More Services Share Link Overview Audi Certified Program Overview 300 Point Inspection Special Offers Find Your Audi Find Your Dealer Warranty Financing Program Comparison Request Trade Appraisal Special Offers Current Offers Certified pre-owned Special Offers Audi Loyalty Incentives Audi Corporate Sales Audi Military Sales Program Audi Diplomat Program Financing Getting Started Finance a Vehicle Lease a Vehicle Vehicle Protection Ownership Experience Contact Us Experience Audi Revealed New Audi Models Innovation Commitment Motorsport Audi sportscar experience European Delivery Audi Culture Audi tv Downloads Worldwide Owners Pay My Bill Audi Parts and Accessories Audi Service Owner and Vehicle Assistance Warranty and Insurance Current Audi Offers Learn About Your Audi Audi Lifestyle Audi Connect Technology Tutorials Questions and Answers (FAQ) Contact Us About Audi Questions and Answers (FAQ) Careers Contact Audi History Privacy *Disclaimers Audi Privacy Policy Foldout all Privacy Policy It is our sincere hope at Audi of America that what is now a purely digital relationship will evolve into a more personal one.
A relationship built on trust.
Our policy on privacy is simple and unwavering.
We would also remind you that audiusa.
com is a private, copyrighted site and intended solely for personal use.
And now that we've taken care of the business that our attorneys advised us had to be stated, let's get back to something more exciting, more promising: Audi and you.
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please email us at: auditalk@audi.
com For information on how to opt out of certain advertising campaigns, please visit: www.
networkadvertising.
org Our Commitment to Privacy Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy we provide this Privacy Policy, which explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
To make this Privacy Policy easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable data may be requested.
The Information We Collect This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the audiusa.
com website.
On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials.
The types of personal information collected at these pages include: • Name • Address • E-mail address • Survey questions • Phone number • Credit card/Debit card information On some pages, you can submit information about other people.
For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address.
In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected may include: • Name • Address • Phone number How We Use Information We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive.
We may also use these e-mail addresses to provide order status and order tracking information, and to respond to queries.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services.
We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and share with our advertising agencies.
For example, we may tell an advertising agency that x number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that y number of men and z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to personally identify those individuals.
If you choose to register or receive products or materials from us, or to otherwise give us personal information, we may store some or all of that personal information and use it for marketing research and marketing purposes, which may include sharing it with Audi Authorized dealerships or with various suppliers that provide marketing, research, or other services for us.
To enhance your experience on Audi brand websites, we might use information you provide to us through your My Audi account to pre-populate forms with your name, address, phone, and email address.
If you choose to save information, such as a vehicle configuration, on our website(s), we may contact you to follow up on your interest in our cars.
In such cases, we may employ an outside research company to call you on our behalf.
We will never sell your personal information to any other company.
In the event of a criminal investigation or a suspected illegal activity, we may be requested by law enforcement agencies to share certain personal information.
A Word On "Cookies" "Cookies" are small items of data that some websites either write to your hard drive upon your visit to their site(s) or store in the browser.
These data files contain information the site can use to organize the pages you have visited on a particular website.
Some of our websites may use "cookie" technology to measure site activity and tailor information to fit your personal interests.
In this way, we can deliver tailor-made information suiting your personal interests upon your next visit to our site(s).
Our use of "cookie" technology is, thus, to provide you with a more individualized delivery of information and an optimal viewing experience.
Pixel Tags We may use "pixel tags", which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of our websites.
A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears; the URL (Uniform Resource Locator) of the page on which the pixel tag appears; the time the page containing the pixel tag was viewed;the type of browser that fetched the pixel tag; and the identification number of any cookie (please see A word on "Cookies") on the computer previously placed by that server.
When corresponding with you via HTML capable email, we may use "format sensing" technology, which allows pixel tags to let us know whether you received and opened our e-mail.
Our Commitment To Data Security Because your privacy is important to us, we have installed safeguards to secure the credit card information we collect online.
Our e-commerce site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology supported by Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator/Communicator, and other popular browsers to protect your online transactions.
SSL encrypts your credit card number, name, address, and phone number before they travel over the Internet.
We also use additional technologies and measures to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure appropriate use of this information.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.
For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information For your information on the e-commerce site, you can access and maintain all your personally identifiable information that we collect online by visiting the Account Information section of our website.
We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Parts &amp; Accessories Store About Audi Contact Us Dealer Directory Privacy Policy *Disclaimers Brochures twitter Facebook © 2012.
AUDI OF AMERICA.
All rights reserved.
