 Shop Your Way Rewards Kmart myGofer Craftsman Kenmore Parts Direct Lands'End Sears Home Services Sears Outlet Sell on Sears See it all Sears Store Locator Email Savings Customer Service Sears Credit Cards Change Country Cart Disconnect from This will disable access to your Facebook friends &amp; recommendations.
You can reconnect anytime and still log in using your Facebook credentials.
Stay Connected close Disconnect from Facebook View Facebook Suggestions Departments LocalAd Deals Parts &amp; Services Gifts Gift Cards Gift Registry Feedback Share En espanol Appliances Automotive &amp; Tires Baby Beauty Bed, Bath &amp; Home Books &amp; Office Products Clothing Electronics, TVs &amp; Office Fashion Fitness &amp; Sports Food &amp; Grocery Home Services Jewelry &amp; Watches Lawn &amp; Garden Music, Movies &amp; Games Outdoor Living Replacement Parts Shoes Tools Toys &amp; Games See All State AK AL AR AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA GU HI IA ID IL IN KA KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UT VA VI VT WA WI WV WY get it today with FREE store pick up Deal of the Day layaway   member exclusives FREE SHIPPING AND 2X REWARDS POINTS WITH SHOP YOUR WAY MAX Contact Us Sears Stores 1-800-549-4505 Email Us Sears.
com 1-800-697-3277 Email Us Click to Call Click to Chat Sears.
com en Espanol 1-800-377-8634 Sears international Email Us Services Delivery 1-800-732-7747 Installation 1-800-326-8738 Part Orders &amp; Inquiries 1-800-366-7278 Repair 1-800-469-4663 Cleaning Home Improvement Computer Repair 1-800-877-8701 Clubs &amp; Rewards Craftsman Club 1-800-682-8691 Shop Your Way Rewards 1-800-991-8708 Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Customer Service Homepage Effective August 23, 2012: This web site or mobile application ("Site") is owned and operated by a Sears Holdings Corporation entity or licensee ("Sears Holdings").
At Sears Holdings, we want to ensure that you understand what information we gather about you, how we use it, and the safeguards we have in place in order to protect it.
If you have additional questions or would like further information on this topic, please feel free to write to our Webmaster at webmaster@customerservice.
sears.
com.
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this Site.
Please note that our subsidiary LandsEnd will continue to maintain its own privacy policy.
You may view LandsEnd privacy policy by clicking http://www.
landsend.
com/customerservice/services_policies/PS_privacy.
html Sears Holdings may update this policy from time to time.
Please check our policy periodically for changes.
If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Your use of this Site, and any disputes arising from it, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Service and all of its dispute resolution provisions including arbitration, limitation on damages and choice of law.
Most of our web sites are general audience sites and does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.
However, from time to time, we may collect personally identifiable information on certain micro sites or pages directly from Children under the age of the 13.
In these instances, we endeavor to comply with the Children?s Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA").
Type(s) of information we collect We may collect personally identifiable information ("PII" - for example, your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number or credit card number) from you when you voluntarily submit the information to us when you purchase items from us or register with our Site.
We need this information in order to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status, in order to register you as a user of this Site, provide you with mobile alerts or to provide you with other services.
We may also collect PII from you if you choose to subscribe to our email program, participate in sweepstakes, contests, and surveys, or in connection with content or suggestions you post on this Site.
Please note that applicable message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts.
We use single sign-on services that allow you to sign into our Site using your third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook, Google or Twitter.
This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your account.
Once connected, you will be able to post content on the third-party web site from our Site and interact with your friends from the third-party site(s).
Our Site may also access available information from your third-party social network profile such as your name, profile picture, gender, list of friends, email address, wall postings and news feed.
We also collect non-personally identifiable information ("Non-PII" - for example, interests, hobbies, lifestyle choices, groups with whom you are affiliated) from you when you choose to provide or post non-PII information on this Site.
Non-PII may also be collected from you by means of Cookies and Pixel Tags.
Cookies are small bits of information that this Site places on your computer.
We and our 3rd party service providers use cookies and Pixel Tags to identify your IP address, browser type, domain name, and specific web pages through which you click.
This data is collected automatically and utilized to help us look for trends to improve our Site and your interactive experience.
The cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to the Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you.
The cookies that are configured by this Site do not contain any sensitive personally identifying information, such as your driver?s license number, credit card number or social security number.
Additional information regarding browser cookies and how to disable them is described below.
We may also collect additional information about you from third parties including demographic information (such as number of household members, age, and gender) and purchase preference information.
We use this information to customize your experience on our Site and on other Sears Holdings family of business Sites and to provide you with the most relevant products, services and offers.
What Information Do We Share and with Whom? We do not rent or sell personally identifiable information about you to outside marketers.
We may share your information (as described above) with members of the Sears Holdings family of businesses to provide you with products or services that you have requested or to provide you with promotional offers that we believe will be of interest to you.
The Sears Holdings family of businesses includes all Sears Holdings affiliates, as well as other selected businesses with which Sears Holdings or its affiliates have a relationship and which have agreed to adhere to our strict standards for providing quality products and services, responding to your needs, and protecting customer information.
In certain circumstances, we may share your information with service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services such as credit card processors or shipping agents.
To ensure the confidentiality and security of your information, service providers must agree to safeguard your information in strict compliance with this policy.
Unless otherwise disclosed to you, our Service Providers are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for their own marketing purposes.
We also may provide information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it.
There may be instances when we may access or disclose your information in order to protect or defend the legal rights or property of Sears Holdings and its affiliated companies or their employees and agents, to protect the safety and security of users and members, and to protect against fraud.
Sears Holdings may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets in connection with a merger, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy.
In such an event, personal information may be one of the assets transferred.
You will be notified via email or a notice on our web site of any such change in ownership or control of our personal information.
Interest-Based Ads - Online Advertisements Our Sites This Site may carry advertisements from other companies.
Some of these advertisements may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we or the online advertising network serving the ad know about you or your computer's browsing activity, for example, anonymous information collected across multiple websites that you visit may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you.
You may opt-out of receiving this type of targeted advertising by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative's (NAI) opt-out page http://www.
networkadvertising.
org/managing/opt_out.
asp.
You may also visit http://www.
aboutads.
info/consumers/ to learn about interest-based ads and how to opt-out from interest-based ads served by some or all participating companies.
Please note that if you delete your cookies, use another computer, or change browsers, you will need to repeat this process.
In addition, opting out of relevant advertising will not opt you out of all advertising, but rather only those advertisements that are personalized to your interests.
Other Web Sites We partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet.
Some of these advertisements are also personalized for you based on what we know about you.
Please note that we do not share any information that identifies you personally with the third party service providers who serve ads on our behalf .
If you do not wish to receive personalized advertising from us on other web sites, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page http://www.
networkadvertising.
org/managing/opt_out.
asp The Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about internet advertising companies, including information about how to opt-out of interest-based advertising by their members.
See http://www.
networkadvertising.
org/participating for the list of NAI members and http://www.
networkadvertising.
org/managing/opt_out.
asp for the opt-out page.
You may also visit http://www.
aboutads.
info/consumers/ to learn about online behavioral advertising and how to opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies.
Can I Disable Cookies? Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying you when such a file is stored.
Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function.
If you do elect to disable cookies, please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Site and on other Sears Holdings family of business Sites.
How Do We Handle Personally Identifiable Information Collected on Children? Please click here (insert Link to Children's Privacy Policy here) to read our Children's Online Privacy Policy for information on our general policy regarding the collection of personally identifiable information on children under 13 years of age.
This privacy policy addresses our general policy regarding the following: Collection of children's personal information Use of children's personal information The method of obtaining parental consent The method of obtaining access to the child's information Each Sears Holding's family of Sites that may be directed to children under 13 will contain a specific version of our Children's Online Privacy Policy that will address specifically each of the points listed above for that Site.
What About Links to Other Sites? This Site may contain links to other Sites outside the Sears Holdings family of Sites.
Sears Holdings is not responsible for the privacy practices of other non-affiliated Sites.
You should read the privacy statements of each and every Site that collects personally identifiable information.
Is My Information Secure? We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your information.
Your information is located on a secured server behind a firewall.
When you enter sensitive PII, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology ("SSL").
Sensitive PII may include your drivers license, credit card number, social security number or protected health information, as may be applicable.
While we do work very hard to protect your privacy, no method of security is 100% effective and we cannot be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your personal information.
Sears Holdings makes no warranties, express, implied or otherwise as to the ultimate effectiveness of these reasonable and appropriate safeguards.
How Can I Access My Information? You can personalize your experience on the Sears Holdings family of Sites by becoming a registered Member.
By registering, you will be able to tell us what products and services interest you, and whether you wish to receive e-mail about special sales, promotions and other events.
Once registered, you can review and maintain your account information at anytime by clicking on the 'My Profile' link generally found at the top of each Site page.
Your account information is secure and is accessible by using a password that you select.
To become registered user, or to modify your current preferences, click here.
Can I "Opt-Out" of Receiving Promotional E-mails? From time to time, we may send you e-mails with promotional offers if you opt-in to receiving such emails.
If you would no longer like to receive e-mailed special event information, sales notifications or other promotional messages from this Site, you can unsubscribe from this Site's e-mail marketing list by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail.
Your e-mail address will be removed from this Site's email marketing list within 10 days.
Will I Receive Notice of Changes to the Privacy Policy? As mentioned above, from time to time we may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, changes in our collection or use practices, or changes in our Site's features or technology, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting on this Site.
Your continued use of this Site after we post a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy.
It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.
Policies Terms of Service Price Match Policy License Information Children Privacy Policy California Transparency Act Pricing Policy Privacy Policy Secure Transactions Nutritional Policy Recycling Others Found Helpful Check Order Status Find a Store Product Recalls Warranty Information Pricing Policy Terms of Service Enter ZIP CodeRequired Price and availability may vary by location.
Enter a valid 5-digit ZIP Code ZIP Code is Required Back to Top Contact Us Accounts &amp; Orders Customer Service Sell on Sears About Sears Legal More Sears Sites © 2012 Sears Brands, LLC.
All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest Based Ads Children's Privacy Policy California Privacy Rights California Transparency Act Product Recalls Site Map Sears Stores 1-800-549-4505 Sears.
com Email Us 1-800-697-3277 Website Feedback Share Your Thoughts Access My Account Check Gift Card Balance Order Status Order Status Check My Rewards Points Pay Sears Credit Card Bill Return or Exchange Items Buy Online Pick-up In Store Customer Service Home International Shipping Return &amp; Cancellations Shipping &amp; Delivery Sell on Sears About Marketplace Seller Portal Login Affiliate Program Careers Corporate Website Investor Relations Military Support News Center California Privacy Rights Children's Privacy Policy License Info Payment Methods Price Match Policy Privacy Policy Interest Based Ads Manage My Life Sears Commercial Sears Home Services Sears International Sears Optical Sears Portrait Studio See More About SHOP YOUR WAY REWARDSSM It's our free program that rewards our best customers.
As a Shop Your Way Rewards customer you earn Points when you buy the things you want and need.
Then you redeem those Points online or in store at Sears, Kmart, Lands' End, the great indoors, Sears Home Services, Sears Auto and mygofer.
The more you shop, the faster your Points and special benefits pile up.
It's a simple, fun and exciting way to shop.
X Join now Shop Social at Sears Check out our new beta social shopping site where you can follow fellow shoppers, see ratings &amp; reviews, create a public profile, and get everything you want easier and quicker than ever before.
X Enter Zipcode or City and State Close X Zip Code Enter a valid zipcode.
City State StateAKALARAZCACOCTDCDEFLGAGUHIIAIDILINKAKSKYLAMAMDMEMIMNMOMSMTNCNDNENHNJNMNVNYOHOKORPAPRRISCSDTNTXUTVAVIVTWAWIWVWY Please enter a valid zipcode.
Close X Available Points That's Worth $ VIP Status BONUS MEMBER VIP SILVER VIP GOLD VIP PLATINUM Away from the next level $ Qualified spending in 2012 $.
00 Membership # Parts &amp; Services Parts Direct Home Services My Scheduled Services Cleaning Home Improvement Installation Repair Services Layaway Ask Sears Shop Your Way MAX Life Handbooks Sears Catalogs Credit Offers Apply Now Pay My Bill Order Information Check My Order Status Order Fulfillment Rescheduling Delivery Return and Cancellations Return and Cancellations Return or Exchange in 5 View My Order History Products Price Match Policy Product Recalls Protection Agreements Recycling Warranty Information Policies Children's Privacy Policy Pricing Policy Privacy Policy Secure Transactions Terms of Service Contact Us Website Feedback Deals of the Day Appliance Deals Electronics Deals Marketplace Deals Free Shipping Email Specials Clearance Deals Center Gifts Gift Cards Gift Registry Give Together Home Services My Scheduled Services Cleaning Home Improvement Installation Repair Protection Agreements In-Store Services Automotive Layaway Optical Portrait Studio Parts Parts Direct Sign Up &amp; Save Close X Receive updates, coupons &amp; special offers via email.
Thanks, you're all signed up Close X Invalid email address.
Please try again.
submit Close 
