 Your California Privacy Disclosures California Privacy Rights
<p>California consumers have a right to knowledge, access, and deletion of their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
California consumers also have a right to opt out of the sale of their personal information by a business and a right not to be discriminated against for exercising one of their California privacy rights.
Apple does not sell the personal information of California consumers and does not discriminate in response to privacy rights requests.</p>
<p>Apple provides notice of our privacy practices in our Privacy Policy.
The Privacy Policy includes what personal information is collected, the source of the personal information, and the purposes of use, as well as whether Apple discloses that personal information and if so, the categories of third parties to whom it is disclosed.
More information about how Apple handles personal information in connection with specific Apple services is presented in service-specific notices at or before your first use of the service and is available at all times on your Apple device.
To view a copy of the latest versions of the service-specific privacy notices and the California-specific disclosures, go here: support.apple.com/kb/HT210807.</p>
<p>California consumers with an Apple account can exercise their rights directly or through an authorized agent by signing in to their Apple account at privacy.apple.com.
If you are a California consumer without an Apple account and you or your authorized agent would like to exercise your privacy rights, requests may be made to apple.com/legal/privacy/contact, or by calling 1-800-275-2273.
If you do not have an Apple account, Apple will ask you for information which we consider necessary to verify your identity for security and to prevent fraud.
This information may include name, contact information, and information related to your transaction or relationship with Apple, but the specific information requested may differ depending on the circumstances of your request for your security and to protect privacy rights.
If we delete your personal information, we will both render certain personal information about you permanently unrecoverable and also deidentify certain personal information.</p>
Do Not Track
<p>Apple does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Third parties that have content embedded on Apple’s websites such as a social feature or a stock ticker may set cookies on a user’s browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited a specific Apple website from a certain IP address.
Third parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from Apple’s websites unless you provide it to them directly.</p>
Notice for Minors
<p>Apple offers interactive services which allow you to post content to share publicly or with friends.
 At any time you can delete or remove content you have posted using the deletion or removal options within our services.
 If you have questions about how to remove content in a specific service or if you would like additional assistance with deletion you can contact our Apple Support team directly here: support.apple.com/contact.
 Although we offer deletion capability for our services, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the services.</p> 
