 Skip to Main Content Area Home   X Connect With Mitt Follow @MittRomney Login | Register Mitt Romney for President Home Learn About Mitt Bios Mitt Romney Paul Ryan On The Issues 5-Point Plan Jobs &amp; Economic Growth Foreign Policy Smaller, Simpler, Smarter Government Taxes All Issues.
.
.
In Your Community Get Involved Choose Your State Find Events Make Calls Fundraise Community Groups Women for Mitt Juntos Con Romney Veterans for Romney Young Americans for Romney Catholics for Romney All groups.
.
.
News &amp; Media Featured Blog Victory Is In Sight Read More More News Videos Official Photos Shop 2012 Official Store Apparel Collections Accessories Kits All Items Contribute Privacy Policy At Romney for President, Inc.
, we are committed to providing the highest level of protection for your online privacy and security.
As you explore our website, we encourage you to provide us with information about yourself, so we can contact you with the latest news about Governor Romney.
However, you will always be able to decide how much, if any, personal information you’d like to provide.
And you will always be able to unsubscribe from our email database quickly and easily through the link provided at the bottom of every email that we send.
  We encourage you to spread the word about us to your friends, family, neighbors, and co-workers.
We reserve the right to store any information about the people you contact through our website.
  We link to websites and blogs we hope you’ll find interesting and informative, but we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these websites.
  If you choose to donate through our online contribution form, rest assured we have taken every reasonable precaution to keep you and your billing information safe and secure.
To comply with Federal election law and the regulations of the Federal Election Commission, we are required to make our best efforts to collect and report the name, mailing address, occupation and name of employer of individuals whose contributions aggregate in excess of $200 per election cycle.
Generally, contributions are non-refundable.
Should you choose to contribute, you will receive an email confirmation of your contribution.
For questions about your contribution, please email compliance@mittromney.
com.
  If you make a purchase from our online store, your address information will be shared with vendors that assist us in packing and shipping your merchandise.
All purchases in our online store are considered contributions to Romney for President.
  Information collected by Romney for President is Non-Personally Identifiable (“Non-PII”) which includes IP host address, browser type, computer operation system, date and time of an ad request, and Internet Service Provider details.
This information is identified using cookies, which are designed to serve users more desirable and relevant content while browsing the host site.
This increases user experience, web functionality, and ultimately sorts information to increase accessibility to site visitors.
You can opt-out of our use of cookies by disabling cookies on your browser.
  We occasionally publicize the usernames of certain MyMitt members along with their city and state information for purposes of contests or programs.
MyMitt members who do not want their usernames publicized should email info@mittromney.
com to request removal.
  If you choose to upload photos on Mitt Romney's Facebook Page or MittRomney.
com, we reserve the right to use those photos for any purpose.
 By uploading, you certify that you own any and all copyrights in the materials, and that the photographs do not contain inappropriate content.
  This website complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA).
We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13, and our site is not intended to solicit information of any kind from children under 13.
If we are informed that we have unintentionally received personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information.
If you want to notify us of our possible receipt of information by children under 13, please contact us at info@mittromney.
com.
  Romney for President is a secure site, and employs a host of industry best practices to protect the exchange of information between site visitors and its host site.
As no one method can guarantee 100% security, Romney for President uses multiple methods of security and protection including firewalls and encryption.
    Information may be shared with our third-party service providers, as well as with unaffiliated third parties including, but not limited to, instances where the information is not personally identifiable, or if the host site feels reasonable obligation by law.
  Finally, we reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time.
We encourage you to check this page occasionally for the most current information.
If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions about our privacy policy, or you would like to update your information, please contact us at info@mittromney.
com   Online Advertising Terms &amp; Conditions Users can choose to opt out from our cookies and sharing the Non-Personally Identifiable information described above at any time.
To “opt-out,” users can visit: http://www.
google.
com/ads/preferences/html/opt-out.
html   Note: If a user accesses the host site from a different computer or browser, or if the user deletes or restricts existing cookies, he should renew his opt-out choice from the above link.
    Romney for President SMS Terms &amp; Conditions Text GO to 466488 to join GOMITT alerts.
4msgs/mo.
Reply HELP for help, STOP to cancel.
Msg &amp; Data Rates May Apply.
Compatible carriers include: AT&amp;T, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Nextel, Boost, Alltel, US Cellular, Cellular One, Virgin Mobile To discontinue receiving SMS messages from Romney for President SMS notification, text STOP to 466488.
  For additional help, text HELP to 466488 or contact info@mittromney.
com.
RELATED SITES Obama Isn't Working Sterling Business Career Built By US Mobile Site Mitt Romney Tumblr Obama Isn't Working Romney Response Español CONNECT WITH MITT 2 Tumblr Youtube Spotify CONNECT WITH MITT Facebook Twitter Google Plus Flickr Spotify Tumblr YouTube GET IN TOUCH Contact Us Privacy Policy Store Policy Jobs Press Releases   X Connect With Mitt Follow @MittRomney Search Paid for by Romney for President, Inc.
Mobile Site Jobs Privacy Policy Store Policy Contact Us 
