 Skip Navigation The Atlantic Home Tuesday, October 9, 2012 Go Follow the Atlantic » Politics Business Entertainment International Technology National Health Magazine video Presented by Does the Romney Bounce Narrative Matter? Robert Wright The Agony of the Democrats Molly Ball Stereotype Threat and That Obama Tape Garance Franke-Ruta The Myth of U.
S.
Entrepreneurship Jordan Weissmann Europe's Most Tragic Graph Derek Thompson Why We Need More Asian Immigrants Noah Smith Learning to Love the MLB's Wildcard Games Sports Roundtable The Romance-Free 'Wuthering Heights' Elizabeth Greenwood How to Explain Lee Daniels's 'The Paperboy' Jason Bailey Happy Indonesian Armed Forces Day! Heather Horn How 'Human Flesh Search' is Changing China Jessica Levine The Destruction of Syria's Oldest City Lionel Beehner NASA Tries to Prepare for Surgery in Space Rebecca J.
Rosen Homophobic Language on Twitter Rebecca J.
Rosen Cell Phones in a Featureless Landscape Alan Jacobs How Is Stephen Colbert Like Aristotle? Chris Howard, Elizabeth J.
Deis, and Lowell T.
Frye Why Students Need Creative Writing Rebecca Wallace-Segall Let's Calm Down About Higher Ed John Tierney Lymphoma and the Insipid Victory J.
W.
Ocker 20th-Century Advances in Perfection Adrienne Crezo The Digital Future of Mental Health Gabriella Rosen Kellerman Presented by After Citizens United: The New Price of American Politics James Bennet How One High School Revolutionized Its Writing Program Peg Tyre The Men Who Taught America to Watch Football Rich Cohen Presented by Watch One Computer Play 14 Guitars at Once Kevin Holmes A Terrifying X-Ray World Kasia Cieplak-Mayr von Baldegg Yosemite's Stunning Night Skies Kasia Cieplak-Mayr von Baldegg Privacy Policy Last Updated:  August 28, 2012 Privacy Policy Please note that our Sites and Mobile Content are under constant development.
New services are added frequently and this agreement may therefore be modified and updated on an ongoing basis.
It is important to check back to this page regularly.
At the Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc.
("The Atlantic"), we want you to enjoy and benefit from our websites and online services secure in the knowledge that we have implemented fair information practices designed to protect your privacy.
 Our privacy policy below describes the information we collect, how we use it, and the choices you have regarding collection and use of your personal information.
  This policy applies to all websites and online services operated by The Atlantic, including theatlantic.
com and theatlanticwire.
com, as well as to the content and services we provide to mobile users, through WAP and apps available on mobile devices such as Apple's iPhone and iPad (collectively, our "Sites" or "Sites and Mobile Content").
 (App purchases are typically also subject to the terms and conditions of the entity that operates the app store, which are accessible on that entity's website.
) What We Learn Our Sites may automatically recognize your domain name, IP address, browser version, operating system and the website you passed through to reach us.
In addition, our Sites automatically gather certain usage information, like the numbers and frequency of visits to the Sites and their areas - very much like television ratings that tell how many people tuned in to a program.
 The information we obtain in providing Mobile Content varies depending on the practices of your device manufacturer, service provider, and choices available to you as a user.
  Some features of our Sites do offer you the option of providing information such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, organization, location, or any other identifying information.
  As described in greater detail below, such information will only be used to provide you with products or services you have requested or additional information about the Sites or their affiliates.
  (You may also provide us with such information in the course of subscribing to The Atlantic magazine or other offerings from The Atlantic - details of how we use such information are also provided below.
)    Information gathered through the use of cookies is not used by our Sites to track any personally identifiable details.
  How We Use What We Learn The information we collect is used to improve the content of The Atlantic magazine and our Sites  and to keep you apprised of important developments.
 For example, we may use personally identifiable information to contact you as part of an online survey about our editorial offerings, inform you of material changes or additions to our services, advise you of account status, or contact you in order to comply with any legal requirements.
  Also, we compile and use your information so that we may keep you apprised of special offers, as well as additional products that may be of interest to you.
    In some cases, we may share personally identifiable information to contact you (sometimes through a vendor or business partner) for the reasons we have described.
What We Tell Others About You We will not sell or rent or willfully disclose any personally identifying information obtained through the Sites (other than in connection with magazine subscriptions ordered, as explained below) to a party outside Atlantic Media Company, its divisions, its affiliated publications (such as National Journal, National Journal Daily, Government Executive, and NextGov), its vendors providing Internet hosting services, or third party list managers, without first receiving the user's permission.
We do not collect personally identifying information from our visitors, other than what is supplied to us on a voluntary basis.
  From time to time we allow reputable companies, whose products or services we feel may interest our print subscribers, to contact these subscribers using the addresses provided to us during the process of subscribing to The Atlantic's print edition.
  (We do not share these addresses directly with these companies, however--only with a third party who administers the process on our behalf.
) Many of our subscribers find this a valuable and time-saving service.
If you do not want your information to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by letting us know by e-mailing, calling, or writing us (see addresses below).
We may provide statistical usage data in the aggregate--not information about you personally--to our partners about how visitors use the Sites.
From time to time we conduct research on our users' demographics, interests and behavior based on the information you provide to us upon registration, on order forms, as well as from our server log files or from surveys.
We do this to better understand and serve our users.
This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis and we may share this aggregated data with advertisers or other businesses.
  In some cases, we may disclose information about you to a third party if we are required to do so by law or if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law or legal process, to protect and defend our rights or to prevent misuse of our Sites, or to protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public.
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, The Atlantic reserves the right to transfer your personally identifiable information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets.
What Are Cookies And How Do We Use Them? The Sites place a "cookie" on the browser of a user's computer to gather and store basic tracking information and to monitor the presentation of advertisements.
We may also use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as measuring certain traffic patterns.
For example, cookies are used to ensure that you don't see the same ad too many times in a single session.
Cookies are also used to restrict access to certain areas of the Sites to bona fide subscribers and to enable you to set up customized alerts that no other subscribers are permitted to see.
Cookies are not related to any personally identifiable information and are not used to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie Advertising service vendors that serve ads into our Sites may also use their own cookies.
You may opt-out of the cookies delivered by the Sites by changing the setting on your browser.
Some browsers are set to refuse all cookies, or to restrict the conditions under which they are set.
Please be aware that this will disable all cookies delivered to your browser, not just the ones delivered by us.
 If you would like more information about advertisers' use of cookies, and about your ability not to accept these cookies, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative's Opt-Out page here.
 If you would like to opt-out of having interest-based information collected during your visits to this or other sites, please visit the consumer opt-out page for the Self Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising here (currently in beta) Some online advertising for the Sites is delivered by the vendor DoubleClick, a Google company.
For more information about DoubleClick's use of cookies, and to "opt-out" of the Doubleclick cookies, visit www.
doubleclick.
net/us/corporate/privacy.
Advertisers and Links The Sites contain links to other sites, including those produced by other organizations.
Additionally, our advertisers, or Web sites that have links on our Sites, may also collect personally identifiable information directly from you.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of those sites.
  Please visit the sites of these businesses to review their privacy policies.
Kids &amp; Parents Kids under 13:  Do not send us any information about yourself, such as your name, address, or e-mail address.
Parents: These Sites are not directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 as part of the Sites.
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13 as part of the Sites without verifiable parental consent, we will delete such information from our records.
Data Security We have in place reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect the information we collect online.
However, as effective as these measures are, no security system is impenetrable.
We cannot guarantee the security of our database, websites, or services, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
What if I am a Non-U.
S.
User? Please note that the Sites are directed towards users who reside in the United States.
It is not our intent to gather personally identifiable information from individuals residing outside of the United States.
If you are located outside of the United States, the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States whose laws may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as your home country.
By using this web site, you consent to this transfer.
You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this website in the federal and other courts of, and in accordance with the laws of, the District of Columbia.
Disclaimer This Privacy Policy may be changed at any time at our discretion.
How Can I Request that my Personally Identifiable Information not be Shared? How Can I Review My Personally Identifiable Information? As indicated above, if you do not want your personally identifiable information to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer by letting us know by e-mailing, calling or writing us (see addresses below).
Similarly, please contact us at the same addresses if at any time you wish to review your personally identifiable information.
Online Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc.
600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20037 Print: Atlantic Customer Care P.
O.
Box 420235 Palm Coast, FL 32142-0235 Any Questions? For more information on our Privacy Policy, or if at any time you wish to discontinue receiving communications from us that do not directly pertain to your subscription, please let us know by emailing us at theatlantic@emailcustomerservice.
com, calling us at 800-234-2411, or writing to us at the address listed below.
Our Postal Address Atlantic Monthly Group, Inc.
600 New Hampshire Avenue, NW Washington, DC 20037   Just In Lindsay Abrams 7:46 AM ET Study: Marijuana Alleviates Muscle Pain in MS 1349783176 Voices James Fallows Neanderthal Me 2:47 AM ET Steve Clemons Mitt Romney, George Marshall, and Israel-Palestine Oct 8, 2012 Ta-Nehisi Coates A Limited and Self-Serving Defense of Political… Oct 8, 2012 Garance Franke-Ruta Romney Scored Strongest Debate Win Ever Oct 8, 2012 Jeffrey Goldberg One Specific Step Romney Could Take on Middle… Oct 8, 2012 Robert Wright The New Romney: Strong Yet Sensitive Oct 7, 2012 Alexis C.
Madrigal The Internet Museum of Oddity Records Oct 5, 2012 Derek Thompson Don't Trust a Single Number in This Jobs Report… Oct 5, 2012 Clive Crook Presidential Rope-a-Dope (but Who's the Dope?) Oct 5, 2012 Correspondents James Warren This One Economic Indicator—Not the Debates—Might Decide the Election Wendy Kaminer Scott Brown's Got Rocks in His Pockets Peter Osnos TV's Best News Show May Also Be Its Least Appreciated View All Correspondents Yoni AppelbaumHistory, politics Jack M.
BalkinThe law Raymond BonnerInternational affairs, civil liberties Thanassis CambanisInternational affairs Andrew CohenThe law, society Bill DavidowTechnology, economics Mickey EdwardsPolitics Garrett EppsLaw professor and journalist Richard FloridaCities, creativity Joshua FoustInternational affairs Howard W.
FrenchInternational affairs D.
B.
GradyThe military, politics Shadi HamidThe Middle East Ben W.
Heineman Jr.
Politics, economics Steven HellerGraphic design Jeff HoweLiterature, new media Wendy KaminerCivil liberties, the law Zvika KriegerThe Middle East Lawrence LessigLegal and political ethics Jon LovettPolitics Damien MaChina Lisa MargonelliEnergy, the environment Peter OsnosMedia, publishing Alyssa RosenbergPopular culture Cristine RussellScience, health Nancy ScolaTechnology, politics Ellen Ruppel ShellScience David ShenkScience, culture Anne-Marie SlaughterForeign policy Erik TarloffPolitics, media Edward TennerCulture, technology Dominic TierneyInternational affairs John TierneyEducation, history Brian TillInternational affairs Kathleen Kennedy TownsendPolitics, religion Steve TuttleAmericana Ford VoxHealth, medicine Lane WallacePolitics, media, aviation James WarrenPolitics Adam WerbachSustainability Graeme WoodInternational affairs, travel       The Biggest Story in Photos Fall Is in the Air Oct 5, 2012 Video Discover the Origins of Words in the 'Mysteries of Vernacular' Animated Series Hominid Shapes and Sounds of the Subway Sponsor Video The Great Transition Watch More Video On Newsstands Now Subscribe and SAVE 59% 10 issues JUST $2.
45/COPY STATEAKALARAZCACOCTDCDEFLGAHIIAIDILINKSKYLAMAMDMEMIMNMOMSMTNCNDNENHNJNMNVNYOHOKORPARISCSDTNTXUTVAVTWAWIWVWYYT Subscribe James Bennet on campaign finance, James Parker on 50 Shades of Grey, a special report on American schools, and more Facebook Newsletters Sign up to receive our free newsletters This Week on TheAtlantic.
com (sample) This Month in The Atlantic (sample) Today's Top Stories on The Atlantic.
com (sample) New from In Focus: (sample) 5 Best Columns from The Atlantic Wire (sample) Daily Newsletter from The Atlantic Cities (sample) I want to receive updates from our partners and sponsors what matters now Last Update: 7:00 PM Yes, We Have to Tolerate This Racist Ad Germans Ride 5 Times More Mass Transit Than Us The Dredge of a Lifetime Last Update: 2:30 PM Most Popular 1 Why American Students Can't Write 2 Who Destroyed the Economy? The Case Against the Baby Boomers 3 Mitt Romney's Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Foreign Policy Speech 4 The Writing Revolution 5 Why Women Still Can’t Have It All 6 What Does Science Tell Us About Teaching Kids to Think? 7 A Limited and Self-Serving Defense of Political Punditry 8 How Google Builds Its Maps—and What It Means for the Future of Everything 9 Gangnam Style, Dissected: The Subversive Message Within South Korea's Music Video Sensation 10 How Columbus Day Fell Victim to Its Own Success Subscribe Help Faq Follow the Atlantic Masthead Store Merchandise Jobs Educational Program Privacy Policy Site Map Terms &amp; Conditions Advertise Press Contact Us Special Reports Atlantic Scene Events Copyright © 2012 by The Atlantic Monthly Group.
All Rights Reserved.
CDN powered by Edgecast Networks.
Powered by the Parse.
ly Publisher Platform (P3).
