 Login   Login Username Password Remember me Forgot username or password? Login with Twitter Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Register Home Tech/Media SAI Tools Media Enterprise Science Another Top Yahoo Is Out The Door* Another Top Yahoo Is Out The Door* ClassicMap Will Let You Use Google Maps On Your iPhone Again—Sort Of* It's Time People Realized That The Drudge Report Is A Major Media Property Worth Hundreds Of Millions Of Dollars Box Has 14 Million Users, Including Hundreds Of Big Corporations See What Happens When A Boeing 727 Is Crashed Into The Desert On Purpose Finance Clusterstock Your Money Broker Center AWKWARD: Someone From Bain Capital Emailed Gawker About Making An Investment AWKWARD: Someone From Bain Capital Emailed Gawker About Making An Investment How I Pared Down My Life To Only 100 Things AWKWARD: Someone From Bain Capital Emailed Gawker About Making An Investment Markets DAVID ROSENBERG: This Is The Defining Chart Of The Ongoing Economic Crisis Politics Politics Defense Law &amp; Order POLLSTER: I'm Not Polling Three Big Swing States Anymore, Because Mitt Romney Has Them In The Bag POLLSTER: I'm Not Polling Three Big Swing States Anymore, Because Mitt Romney Has Them In The Bag President Bashar Al-Assad Has Assumed Personal Command Of Syria's Military Here's What The Supreme Court Justices Looked Like When They Were Young Strategy Strategy Careers Sheryl Sandberg's No.
1 Piece Of Advice For Women Is Spot On Sheryl Sandberg's No.
1 Piece Of Advice For Women Is Spot On 10 Companies With Employee Perks That Will Make You Jealous Entertainment Stan Lee Media Sues Disney For Billions In Alleged Copyright Infringement Advertising How The $3 Billion Web Video Business Is Supplanting TV Advertising Retail Walmart Is Betting On A Huge Holiday Season This Year Sports NFL Insiders Say Peyton Manning's Arm Is A Shell Of Its Former Self Life The Life Transportation See Why Modern Istanbul Is The Coolest City In Europe See Why Modern Istanbul Is The Coolest City In Europe The TWA Flight Center At JFK Is A Throwback To The Glory Days Of Flying More Latest Video Lists The Hive Data Your News BI Intelligence Events About BI Events BI Intelligence Hive Blackboard Contributors Charts Authors Documents Jobs Follow us on Facebook and get updates from Business Insider posted directly to your news feed   Enter you email address and zip code to set up customized email alerts.
Email Zip From To Email Sent! You have successfully emailed the post.
Privacy Policy Oct.
2, 2007, 5:27 PM | 7,427 Email More Share on Tumblr Tweet Email Share on Tumblr Effective Date: This policy was last updated on 6/4/2012.
Overview This privacy policy applies to Business Insider (www.
businessinsider.
com) on all platforms (web, mobile web, apps, emails).
Business Insider contains links to other sites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects Personally Identifiable Information (PII).
Business Insider takes privacy concerns seriously.
This privacy policy outlines what information is collected when you visit our site.
  Business Insider gathers information about its users mainly to enhance their experience on the site and on email newsletters.
This information is used to bring you content that is relevant to your interests.
Additionally, Business Insider, along with our advertising partners, gather information about you anonymously to provide you with more targeted advertising messages that are catered to your location and interests.
You can opt out of information gathering for advertising purposes below.
Information Collected Personal Information/ Information You Directly Provide To Business Insider (BI): When registering, commenting, or signing up for newsletters, you may provide Business Insider with personal information, including but not limited to: Personal contact information (name, zip code, e-mail address, phone numbers) Comments User names (including social media user names) Correspondence with Business Insider staff Billing Information (for paid Business Insider products) You are not required to provide Business Insider with any personal information in order to use the site.
All information that is collected is the sole property of the site, and that information is not distributed outside of the site unless required by law.
Non-Personal Information Automatically Collected This type of information is collected anonymously through the use of tracking technology using third-party cookies, web beacons, and other similar methods.
No Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is collected through this methodology.
 This information may include, but is not limited to: Hardware/software information (geographic location, IP address, browser type, device type, operating system, bandwidth, etc.
) Analytics information (time spent on site, number of pages viewed, referring web page, browsing information, etc.
) Advertising information (type of ads seen, number of times ads were served, pages where the ads were served) Information collected through HTML cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.
Information Collected Through Third-Party Sources This type of information is collected anonymously by approved third-party partners (such as online marketing firms, research companies, social media companies, ad targeting firms, and other partners).
None of the information collected by these sources contains any PII.
This type of information includes but is not limited to: Demographic information (gender, age, HHI, job title, interests, etc.
) Advertising information (clicks, interactions, post-impression performance data) Social networking information (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.
) Research information (data collected from partners such as Nielsen, Comscore, Quantcast, etc.
) What Is Done With The Collected Information? Site Content: Business Insider partners with Sailthru to provide you with content that is relevant and personalized to your reading interests.
You can read Sailthru's privacy policy here.
Email Communications: Business Insider may use the information that you submit to send you email communications, such as newsletters, breaking news, information about the site, alerts, and promotional messages from advertising partners.
Site Analysis: Business Insider uses the information collected through third-party sources to learn and analyze how the site is used.
We use this information to enhance the site by making improvements based on the data collected.
Advertising: Display Ads are delivered from our adserver, Open AdSream, powered by WPP’s Real Media Group.
 At times third-party information is used to deliver targeted ads to you, your location, and your interests.
We also use Third-Party Ad Platforms (such as Google AdSense and Pubmatic) to deliver ads on our site.
No PII is exchanged with any type of advertising message on Business Insider.
How We Share Information Collected There are very few specific circumstances when your information is shared outside of the company, these circumstances include but are not limited to: If you comment or use the Facebook app on Business Insider, the information you submit (including your social media user name, etc) is viewable to the public.
  Business Insider may need to disclose personal information to comply with a judicial proceeding, a court order, or any other legal process.
We employ third-party services to distribute email newsletters and these third-parties have access to specific information only for the purposes of fulfilling contracts on our behalf.
  In the event Business Insider goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Email Policy Business Insider does not allow any third-party company to use your email address for commercial purposes without your expressed permission.
We will send you newsletter communications, partner sponsorship messages, account alerts, and any other emails you have requested to receive.
If you would like to opt-out of any specific newsletters or mailings, please login to your profile to change your newsletter settings.
Notices Children Under 13: Business Insider does not knowingly target adverting to, or collect information from children under the age of 13.
Data Retention: Your personal information is retained for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
  Security: Business Insider uses all reasonable means to safeguard data against unauthorized use and theft.
Changes To This Policy: Business Insider may at any time change this Privacy Policy to reflect any changes in our practices, service offerings, or market regulations.
If the policy is updated, we will update the Effective Date at the top of the policy.
Questions/Suggestions: If you have any questions or suggestions for this Privacy Policy, please contact the editor of Business Insider or email questions to feedback@businessinsider.
com.
You can also reach us by mail at 257 Park Avenue South, 13th Floor, New York, NY, 10010 Cookies A cookie (otherwise known as an HTTP cookie) is a small piece of code which can be sent from a web site or banner ad and stored on a user’s web browser.
The cookie stores data such as preferences, previous activity, and other information.
For more information on HTTP cookies and other online advertising definitions please visit the IAB’s web site.
For More Information Below are links to the privacy policies of some of our partners and links to advertising opt outs.
Real Media’s Open AdStream technology powers the adserving on Business Insider.
Pubmatic helps deliver ads on Business Insider.
 If you want to opt-out of receiving targeted ads from Pubmatic, visit this link.
Opting out does not mean you will not get ads from Pubmatic; it means Pubmatic will not collected non-personal information about you, nor will it serve ads targeted to your interests.
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) is part of the industry’s self-regulatory initiative.
 If you would like to opt out of third-party partners' non-personal information tracking, visit the NAI opt-out section.
Opting out does not mean you will not receive advertising on Business Insider.
It ensure that your non-personal information will not be automatically tracked by the sites you have opted out of.
Contact Us If you have questions about privacy please contact us at feedback@businessinsider.
com.
Recommended For You Please follow Business Insider on Twitter and Facebook.
Short URL Share: Twitter Facebook Buzz Digg StumbleUpon Reddit LinkedIn Email More about embedding posts » Embed More about Alerts » Alerts Newsletter To embed this post, copy the code below and paste into your website or blog.
600px wide (preview) &lt;iframe src="http://www.
businessinsider.
com/embed?id=7237544b9b3ba947f5905f00&amp;amp;width=600&amp;amp;height=430" width="600" height="430" border="0" frameborder="0"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; 400px wide (preview) &lt;iframe src="http://www.
businessinsider.
com/embed?id=7237544b9b3ba947f5905f00&amp;amp;width=400&amp;amp;height=430" width="400" height="430" border="0" frameborder="0"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; 300px wide (preview) &lt;iframe src="http://www.
businessinsider.
com/embed?id=7237544b9b3ba947f5905f00&amp;amp;width=300&amp;amp;height=430" width="300" height="430" border="0" frameborder="0"&gt;&lt;/iframe&gt; Comments on this post are now closed.
Login With Facebook - See what your friends are reading on BI Welcome, ! You are logged into Facebook Social: | Your Activity | These articles have been shared on your timeline.
You can remove them here: Options Notify me when a story is shared.
Yes No Send Us A Tip! Get Business Insider Emails &amp; Alerts Learn More » Customized instant email alerts (sample) Business Insider Select (sample) More: SAI Select (sample) The Wire Select (sample) Clusterstock Select (sample) Money Game Select (sample) War Room Select (sample) Sports Page Select (sample) Politics Select (sample) The Life Select (sample) Tools Select (sample) Your Money Select (sample) Enterprise Select (sample) Advertising Select (sample) Getting There Select (sample) Science Select (sample) Lists Select (sample) Retail Select (sample) SAI Chart Of The Day (sample) Money Game Chart Of The Day (sample) Sports Page Chart Of The Day (sample) 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know (sample) 10 Things Before the Opening Bell (sample) Politics in 60 Seconds (sample) Instant MBA (sample) Marketing Mondays (sample) Closing Bell (sample) Mobile Insights (sample) BII Mobile Insights (sample) Breaking News Alerts (sample) Advertising: The Brief (sample) Law &amp; Order Select (sample) Careers Select (sample) Military Select (sample) Advertisement Your Money NASDAQ Composite 3,051 -14.
48 (-0.
472%) S&amp;P 500 1,434 -7.
71 (-0.
535%) NYSE Composite 8,224 -55.
41 (-0.
669%) Sponsored By Ready To Invest? Find A Broker Here » The Future Of Mobile THE STATE OF THE INTERNET Here's How Consumers Are Shopping With Their Phones These Are The Two Keys To Making Mobile Payments Work Most Read Read   Commented   Recommended   The 50 Most Dangerous Cities In The World 997,479 Views 50 Years Of 007: 'Bond' Babes Then &amp; Now 730,579 Views Fast Food Workers Reveal The Menu Items You Should Stay Away From 626,593 Views See What Happened When 'Red Air' Stranded Marines In Taliban Territory 567,217 Views Mitt Romney Just Hammered Obama On Libya In A Big, Wide-Ranging Foreign Policy Speech 279 Comments PEW POLL: Mitt Romney Storms Into The Lead Over Obama 198 Comments GALLUP: Obama Bouncing Back Already To 5-Point Lead 109 Comments Actual Photo Of Greek Protesters Welcoming Angela Merkel Right Now 104 Comments Loading, please wait.
.
.
See more » Find A Job In partnership with Tech Jobs Media Jobs Finance Jobs C-Level Jobs Design Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs Startup Document Center Templates To Jump Start Your Business Business Plan Exec Summary Sample By-Laws Financial Model See All » Read Me Joe Weisenthal | Here's A Message For Everyone Who Says The US Economy Has To Cut The Debt And Take Its Medicine 31 Look at the facts.
John Mauldin | A Thorough Debunking Of The Jobs Report Conspiracy 15 Mike "Mish" Shedlock | Here Are 2 More Ways Obama Got The Unemployment Rate To Drop 15 WhoWhatWhy | Mitt’s Advisors: He Has No Clue On Foreign Policy 17 Cullen Roche | Is Market Complacency Really That High? 2 The Hive About The Hive » What Smart People Are Reading Right Now Insight: The Lex Factor roils Dow Jones 4 El primer sondeo a pie de urna da la victoria a Henrique
Capriles 3 For president: Mitt Romney ReviewJournal.
com 3 Raccoons Slowly Taking Over New York
City « CBS New York 2 Your right to resell your own stuff is in peril Waters's Consumer Confidential 2 More Less See All » Advertisement Thanks to our partners A-Z Index Companies Authors Categories Latest Contributors Video Full Archives Tools Job Listings Document Center Broker Center Lists &amp; Rankings Digital 100 Silicon Alley 100 Silicon Valley 100 Clusterstock 50 The Life 50 America's Best Colleges Best Business Schools Sexiest CEOs More Your Account Register Change Your Email Preferences About BI About Jobs at BI Masthead Contact Advertise Mobile Conflict of Interest Policy Contributors FAQ Follow BI Email Newsletters Alerts RSS Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Google+ Verticals Tech Entertainment Wall Street Markets Strategy Careers Retail Sports Lifestyle Tools Science Enterprise Lists Politics Defense Law &amp; Order Advertising Getting There Data Center Misc.
Your Money Video Latest * Copyright © 2012 Business Insider, Inc.
All rights reserved.
Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
| Disclaimer Powered by MongoDB | Hosted by Datapipe | Stock quotes by YCharts | Ad Serving by 24/7 Open AdStream 
