 www.
backpage.
com backpage.
com free classifieds backpage.
com all cities.
.
.
--Choose--United States  Alabama  Alaska  Arizona  Arkansas  California  Colorado  Connecticut  Delaware  District of Columbia  Florida  Georgia  Hawaii  Idaho  Illinois  Indiana  Iowa  Kansas  Kentucky  Louisiana  Maine  Maryland  Massachusetts  Michigan  Minnesota  Mississippi  Missouri  Montana  Nebraska  Nevada  New Hampshire  New Jersey  New Mexico  New York  North Carolina  North Dakota  Ohio  Oklahoma  Oregon  Pennsylvania  Rhode Island  South Carolina  South Dakota  Tennessee  Texas  Utah  Vermont  Virginia  Washington  West Virginia  Wisconsin  WyomingCanada  Alberta  British Columbia  Manitoba  New Brunswick  Newfoundland and Labrador  Northwest Territories  Nova Scotia  Ontario  Quebec  Saskatchewan  YukonOther Countries  Argentina  Australia  Belgium  Brazil  Caribbean  Denmark  France  Germany  Guam  India  Ireland  Italy  Japan  Korea  Mexico  Netherlands  New Zealand  Portugal  South Africa  Spain  Sweden  Switzerland  United Kingdom buenos aires, ar adelaide brisbane canberra darwin hobart melbourne perth sydney brussel, be bahia, br belo horizonte, br brasilia, br curitiba, br fortaleza, br porto alegre, br recife, br rio de janeiro, br salvador, br são paulo, br calgary, ab edmonton, ab ft mcmurray, ab lethbridge, ab medicine hat red deer, ab abbotsford, bc cariboo, bc comox valley, bc cranbrook, bc kamloops, bc kelowna, bc nanaimo, bc peace river country, bc prince george, bc skeena, bc sunshine coast, bc vancouver, bc victoria, bc whistler, bc winnipeg new brunswick st.
john's yellowknife halifax barrie, on belleville, on brantford, on chatham, on cornwall, on guelph, on hamilton, on kingston, on kitchener, on london, on niagara, on ottawa, on owen sound, on peterborough, on sarnia, on sault ste marie, on sudbury, on thunder bay, on toronto, on windsor, on montreal, qc quebec city, qc saguenay sherbrooke trois-rivieres regina, sk saskatoon, sk whitehorse bahamas caribbean dominican republic jamaica puerto rico virgin islands kobenhavn, dk bordeaux bretagne corse départements d'outre mer grenoble lille loire lyon marseille montpellier nice normandie paris strasbourg toulouse berlin bremen dresden duesseldorf essen frankfurt hamburg hannover heidelberg kaiserslautern karlsruhe kiel koeln leipzig luebeck mannheim muenchen nuernberg rostock schwerin stuttgart guam, gu ahmedabad, in bangalore, in bhubaneswar, in chandigarh, in chennai, in delhi, in goa, in hyderabad, in india, in indore, in jaipur, in kerala, in kolkata, in lucknow, in mumbai, in pune, in surat, in belfast cork derry dublin limerick lisburn waterford bologna calabria firenze forli-cesena genova milano napoli perugia roma sardegna sicilia torino venezia fukuoka, jp hiroshima, jp nagoya, jp okinawa, jp osaka-kobe-kyoto, jp sapporo, jp sendai, jp tokyo, jp seoul, kr tijuana amsterdam, nl den haag, nl eindhoven, nl rotterdam, nl utrecht, nl auckland christchurch dunedin wellington faro / algarve, pt lisboa, pt porto, pt cape town durban johannesburg pretoria alicante baleares barcelona bilbao cadiz canarias granada madrid malaga palma sevilla valencia stockholm, se basel, ch bern, ch genf, ch lausanne, ch zürich , ch aberdeen birmingham brighton bristol cambridge devon east midlands eastanglia edinburgh glasgow hampshire leeds liverpool london manchester newcastle oxford sheffield wales auburn, al birmingham, al dothan, al gadsden, al huntsville, al mobile, al montgomery, al muscle shoals, al tuscaloosa, al alaska flagstaff/sedona, az mohave county, az phoenix, az prescott, az show low, az sierra vista, az tucson, az yuma, az fayetteville, ar fort smith, ar jonesboro, ar little rock, ar bakersfield, ca chico, ca fresno, ca humboldt county, ca imperial county inland empire, ca long beach, ca los angeles, ca mendocino, ca merced, ca modesto, ca monterey, ca north bay oakland/east bay, ca orange county, ca palm springs, ca palmdale, ca redding, ca sacramento, ca san diego, ca san fernando valley, ca san francisco, ca san gabriel valley san jose, ca san luis obispo, ca san mateo santa barbara, ca santa cruz, ca santa maria, ca siskiyou, ca stockton, ca susanville, ca upstate california ventura, ca visalia, ca boulder, co colorado springs, co denver, co fort collins, co pueblo, co rockies, co western slope, co eastern connecticut hartford, ct new haven, ct northwest connecticut delaware northern virginia southern maryland washington d.
c.
daytona, fl fort myers, fl ft.
lauderdale, fl gainesville, fl jacksonville, fl keys, fl lakeland, fl miami, fl ocala, fl orlando, fl panama city, fl pensacola, fl sarasota, fl space coast, fl st.
augustine, fl tallahassee, fl tampa, fl treasure coast, fl west palm beach, fl albany, ga athens, ga atlanta, ga augusta, ga brunswick, ga columbus, ga macon, ga northwest georgia savannah, ga statesboro, ga valdosta, ga big island, hi honolulu, hi kauai, hi maui, hi boise, id east idaho lewiston, id twin falls, id bloomington, il carbondale, il chambana, il chicago, il decatur, il la salle county, il mattoon, il peoria, il rockford, il springfield, il western illinois bloomington, in evansville, in ft wayne, in indianapolis, in kokomo, in lafayette, in muncie, in richmond, in south bend, in terre haute, in cedar rapids, ia des moines, ia dubuque, ia fort dodge, ia iowa city, ia mason city, ia ottumwa, ia quad cities, ia sioux city, ia waterloo, ia lawrence, ks manhattan, ks topeka, ks wichita, ks bowling green, ky eastern kentucky lexington, ky louisville, ky owensboro, ky western kentucky alexandria, la baton rouge, la houma, la lafayette, la lake charles, la monroe, la new orleans, la shreveport, la maine annapolis, md baltimore, md cumberland valley eastern shore, md frederick western maryland boston, ma cape cod, ma south coast, ma springfield, ma worcester, ma ann arbor, mi battle creek, mi central michigan detroit, mi flint, mi grand rapids, mi holland, mi jackson, mi kalamazoo, mi lansing, mi monroe, mi muskegon, mi northern michigan port huron, mi saginaw, mi southwest michigan upper peninsula, mi bemidji, mn duluth, mn mankato, mn minneapolis, mn rochester, mn st.
cloud, mn biloxi, ms hattiesburg, ms jackson, ms meridian, ms natchez, ms north mississippi columbia/jeff city, mo joplin, mo kansas city, mo kirksville, mo lake of the ozarks, mo southeast missouri springfield, mo st.
joseph, mo st.
louis, mo montana grand island, ne lincoln, ne north platte, ne omaha, ne scottsbluff, ne elko las vegas, nv reno/tahoe, nv new hampshire central jersey, nj jersey shore, nj new jersey north jersey, nj south jersey, nj albuquerque, nm clovis / portales farmington las cruces roswell / carlsbad santa fe, nm albany, ny binghamton, ny buffalo, ny catskills, ny chautauqua, ny elmira, ny finger lakes, ny glens falls, ny hudson valley, ny ithaca, ny long island, ny manhattan, ny new york city, ny oneonta, ny plattsburgh, ny potsdam, ny rochester, ny syracuse, ny twin tiers, ny utica, ny watertown, ny westchester, ny asheville, nc boone, nc charlotte, nc eastern north carolina, nc fayetteville, nc greensboro, nc hickory, nc outer banks, nc raleigh-durham, nc wilmington, nc winston salem, nc bismarck fargo, nd grand forks minot north dakota akron, oh ashtabula, oh athens, oh chillicothe, oh cincinnati, oh cleveland, oh columbus, oh dayton, oh huntington/ashland, oh lima/findlay, oh mansfield, oh sandusky, oh toledo, oh tuscarawas county, oh youngstown, oh zanesville/cambridge, oh lawton, ok oklahoma city, ok stillwater, ok tulsa, ok bend, or corvallis, or east oregon, or eugene, or klamath falls, or medford, or oregon coast, or portland, or roseburg, or salem, or allentown, pa altoona, pa cumberland valley, pa erie, pa harrisburg, pa lancaster, pa meadville, pa philadelphia, pa pittsburgh, pa poconos, pa reading, pa scranton, pa state college, pa williamsport, pa york, pa providence, ri charleston, sc columbia, sc florence, sc greenville, sc hilton head, sc myrtle beach, sc south dakota, sd chattanooga, tn clarksville cookeville knoxville, tn memphis, tn nashville, tn tri-cities, tn abilene, tx amarillo, tx austin, tx beaumont, tx brownsville, tx college station, tx corpus christi, tx dallas, tx del rio, tx denton, tx el paso, tx fort worth, tx galveston, tx houston, tx huntsville, tx killeen, tx laredo, tx lubbock, tx mcallen, tx mid cities odessa, tx san antonio, tx san marcos, tx texarkana, tx texomaland tyler, tx victoria, tx waco, tx wichita falls, tx logan, ut ogden, ut provo, ut salt lake city, ut st.
george, ut burlington, vt charlottesville, va chesapeake, va danville, va fredericksburg, va hampton, va harrisonburg, va lynchburg, va new river valley, va newport news, va norfolk, va portsmouth, va richmond, va roanoke, va southwest virginia suffolk, va virginia beach, va bellingham, wa everett, wa moses lake, wa mt.
vernon, wa olympia, wa pullman, wa seattle, wa spokane / coeur d'alene tacoma, wa tri-cities, wa wenatchee, wa yakima, wa charleston, wv huntington, wv martinsburg, wv morgantown, wv parkersburg, wv southern west virginia wheeling, wv appleton, wi eau claire, wi green bay, wi janesville, wi la crosse, wi madison, wi milwaukee, wi racine, wi sheboygan, wi wausau, wi wyoming Top 20: atlanta, ga boston, ma chicago, il dallas, tx denver, co houston, tx las vegas, nv los angeles, ca miami, fl minneapolis, mn new york city, ny philadelphia, pa phoenix, az san diego, ca san francisco, ca seattle, wa st.
louis, mo tampa, fl toronto, on washington d.
c.
post in multiple cities Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Last Revised: January 9, 2012 Backpage.
com and its affiliates, including but not limited to Village Voice Media Holdings, LLC (collectively, the “Site”) respect your privacy.
Here's our Privacy Policy for this Site: Acceptance of Privacy Policy Each time you access, use, post, submit a post or reply, or browse the Site, you signify your acceptance of the then-current Privacy Policy.
  If you do not accept this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use the Site and must discontinue use of the Site immediately.
Collection and Use of Personal Information We collect personal information about you whenever you engage in commerce transactions on the Site, use the Site’s products or services, request information or materials, create or update account information, place orders or make purchases, communicate with us, or visit the Site.
The personal information we collect and store about you may include without limitation your first and last name, email address, credit or debit card number,billing and shipping information, order history, and other non-public information about you.
We may use the information we collect to:      Provide superior services;      Keep you apprised of information and developments that you may find of interest;      Alert you to new features, terms, content, products or services;      Contact you regarding your posts, replies, and/or account information;      Process and respond to your inquires;      Improve the Site;      Administer, monitor and control use of the Site, including posts, replies, and account information; and      Enforce the Terms of Use (collectively, the “Activities”).
You authorize the Site to transmit email to you to respond to your communications and administer Activities.
Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties We may disclose your personal information to agents and operators under confidentiality or similar agreements, including shippers, vendors, payment processors, and advertisers, who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information: (i) to provide products or services to you; (ii) to administer our business or the Site, including fulfilling and shipping orders; (iii) to provide customer service; (iv) to update account information; (v) to forward updates, announcements, and newsletters; (vi) to respond to your communications, and communicate with you about the Site and other activities related to the Site; (vii) in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or disposition of all or any portion of the Site’s business or operations (including without limitation in connection with bankruptcy or any similar proceedings); or (viii) as otherwise authorized by you.
  Disclosure in Special Circumstances We may disclose also your name, email address, or other information about you, including personal information, if (i) required to do so by law, court order or subpoena, or as requested by other government, law enforcement, or investigative authority, (ii) we in good faith believe that such disclosure is necessary or advisable, including without limitation to protect the rights or properties of the Site, (iii) we have reason to believe that disclosing your personal information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, or has breached an agreement, or if anyone else could be harmed by such activities or interference, (iv) if we determine an ad posted violates our Terms of Use or the rights of a third party, or (v) there is an emergency involving personal danger.
  We may also provide information about you if we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Please note that if you post any of your personal information on the Site, such information may be collected and used by others over whom the Site has no control.
The Site is not responsible for the use by third parties of information you post or otherwise make public.
Collection of Non-Personal Information Using Cookies We automatically receive and record non-personal information on our server logs from your browser as well as through other analysis of the Sites.
  Non-personal information includes without limitation your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, cookie information (as described below), the pages you request, type of computer operating system you use (e.
g.
, Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the type of browser you use (e.
g.
, Firefox, Chrome, Internet Explorer), the domain name of the Internet service provider, your activities while visiting the Site, and the content you accessed.
  “Cookies” are small text files that allow Web sites to store and retrieve information about you from your computer system.
The Site does serve cookies to track individual site usage for later aggregation.
But we do not use cookies in order to retrieve any information from your computer other than information originally sent in a Site cookie, such as a user code.
We have no control over whether and how our advertisers use cookies that originate from their website.
Communication from the Site/Opt-Out From time to time, we may send you information with announcements and updates about the Site and your account.
You may elect to opt-out of ongoing e-mail communication from us, such as newsletters, subscriptions, account information, promotional materials, contest results, survey inquiries, etc.
by using a simple “opt out” procedure.
You need only reply to the communication with the word “unsubscribe” (without the quotation marks) in the body of your e-mail response and your name will be removed from that mailing list.
However, if you opt-out of receiving our announcements and updates about your account, you may no longer have access to areas restricted to account members.
Correction/Update of Personal Information If your personal information changes, you may review/correct/update your personal information previously provided at any time by sending us an email at support@backpage.
com.
You may also have your personal profile data deleted from our database by sending us an email to support@backpage.
com.
However, if you have your personal profile data deleted from our database, you may forfeit entrance rights to areas restricted to account members and certain benefits for account members.
Notice of Privacy Rights of California Residents If you are a California resident and have provided personal information to the Site, you are entitled by law to request certain information regarding any disclosure by the Site to third parties of personal information for their direct marketing purposes.
  To make such a request, send an email to support@backpage.
com, specifying that you seek your “California Customer Choice Privacy Notice.
”  Please allow thirty (30) days for a response.
  The Site is required to respond to only one request per customer each year, and is not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the above email address.
  We will not share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes if you request that we do not do so.
  You may make such a request by sending us an email at support@backpage.
com or mailing your request to: Backpage.
com LLC PO Box 21328 Phoenix, AZ 85034  When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what personal information you do not want us to share with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
Please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your personal information or for processing this request.
Children The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13 nor does the Site knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
The Site does not orient this Site toward children or target them as an audience, nor does it screen them from using the Site.
Some of the material on this Site is for mature audiences, and parents and guardians should take responsibility for monitoring their children’s use.
The Site does not collect or distribute information indicating whether a user is a child.
Links to Other sites This Site provides links and pointers to Web sites maintained by other organizations.
The Site provides these links as a convenience to users, but it does not operate, control or endorse such sites.
The Site also disclaims any responsibility for the information on those sites and any products or services offered there, and cannot vouch for the privacy policies of such sites.
The Site does not make any warranties or representations that any linked sites (or even this Site) will function without error or interruption, that defects will be corrected, or that the sites and their servers are free of viruses and other problems that can harm your computer.
E-Commerce and Our Secure Server We understand that storing data in a secure manner is important.
  We store personal information using industry standard, reasonable and technically feasible, physical, technical and administrative safeguards against foreseeable risks, such as unauthorized access.
  All commerce transactions that take place on the Site are processed through our secure server in order to make every reasonable effort to insure that your personal information is protected.
Please be aware that the Site and data storage are run on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security beyond the Site’s control.
  We cannot guarantee the security of the information on and sent from the Site.
  On our Site, you may have the opportunity to follow a link to other sites that may be of interest to you.
  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites or the content provided thereon.
  We disclaim any responsibility for transactions conducted on those sites and cannot vouch for the security of the information submitted in those transactions.
Policy Changes and Acceptance The Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time as we add new features and services, as laws change, and as industry privacy and security best practices evolve.
  We display an effective date on the upper left corner of the Privacy Policy so that it will be easier for you to know when there has been a change.
Accordingly, you should check the Privacy Policy on a regular basis for the most current privacy practices.
  Each time you access, use or browse the Site, you signify your acceptance of the then-current changes to the Privacy Policy applying to your personal information collected by us on and from the effective date of such changes.
  Any changes in the Privacy Policy will take effect upon posting and apply only to information collected from you on and after Last Revised date, unless we provide notice or have other communications with you.
  More Questions? If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, e-mail them to abuse@backpage.
com, and be sure to indicate the specific site you’re visiting and the nature of your question or concern.
Account Login | Affiliate Program | Promote Us | About Us | Contact Us | Blog | Forums | Help | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | User Safety | backpage.
com  © Copyright 2012 www.
backpage.
com is an interactive computer service that enables access by multiple users and should not be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider.
