   Sign In | Subscribe   Username Password Remember Me Forgot username? Forgot password?   Sign In | Subscribe   My Account  |  Customer Service Mobile Subscribe to the magazine A-Z Index Car Types Convertibles Minivans Pickup trucks Sedans Small cars Sports cars SUVs Wagons See new cars   |   used cars   |   all cars   Tires &amp; Car Care Car batteries GPS Tires   Topics Cars news Car prices &amp; deals Car buying advice Car safety Top Products Air conditioners Air purifiers Blenders Clothes dryers Coffeemakers Cooktops &amp; wall ovens Dehumidifiers Dishwashers Freezers Microwave ovens Ranges Refrigerators Sewing machines Space heaters Steam irons Toasters Vacuum cleaners Washing machines See all products   Topics Home news Top Products Camcorders Cell phones &amp; services Computers Cordless phones Digital cameras Digital picture frames Blu-ray players GPS Headphones Home theater systems MP3 Players Printers TVs See all products   Topics Electronics news Top Products Cordless drills Ellipticals Flooring Gas grills Kitchen cookware Lawn mowers &amp; tractors Leaf blowers Mattresses Snow blowers String trimmers Treadmills Water filters Wine See all products   Topics Home news Safety news Top Products Baby monitors Backpacks Car seats Cribs High chairs Play yards Strollers Thermometers See all products   Topics Babies &amp; Kids news Safety news Top Products Buy Blu-ray players Buy camcorders Buy car seats Buy clothes dryers Buy coffeemakers Buy computers Buy cordless phones Buy digital cameras Buy dishwashers Buy GPS Buy gas grills Buy lawn mowers Buy microwave ovens Buy printers Buy kitchen ranges Buy refrigerators Buy TVs Buy vacuum cleaners Buy washing machines See all products Top Products Blood Glucose Meters Blood Pressure Monitors Diet Plans Electric Toothbrushes Ellipticals Exercise Bikes Eye Creams Hair Dryers Hair Dyes Hearing Aids Sunscreens Tooth Whiteners Treadmills Walking Shoes Wrinkle Creams Wrinkle Serums   Topics Best Buy Drugs Health Insurance Plan Rankings Heart Surgeon Ratings Hospital Ratings ADHD Allergies Back Pain Depression Diabetes Heart Health Insomnia Lasik Eye Surgery Sexual Health Home &gt;  customerservice  &gt;  CONSUMER REPORTS PRIVACY POLICY   Subscribers only Sign in or Subscribe now!     Sign In   Username Password Remember Me Forgot username? Forgot password? Close Send this info to a friend To: From : Check this box if you wish to have a copy mailed to you.
Privacy note: We won't use your friend's e-mail for anything other than sending this message.
See our privacy policy.
    A A CONSUMER REPORTS PRIVACY POLICY Last updated: December 2011 Effective date: December 6, 2011 Consumers Union of United States, Inc.
, doing business as Consumer Reports, is an independent, nonprofit testing, research, and information organization serving consumers.
Since 1936, our mission has been to test products, inform the public, protect consumers and advocate on their behalf.
Our Privacy Policy provides information on how we collect and use consumer information provided to us through all channels, including online, mobile/wireless, telephonic, direct mail or other communications and interactions.
Our organization is referred to throughout this Privacy Policy as "Consumer Reports," "CR," "we" or "us.
" The CR Web and mobile sites, CR applications, and other products and services covered by this Privacy Policy are referred to within the Policy as "our Sites" and "our products and services.
" This Privacy Policy applies to the entire Consumer Reports family of print, wireless and online information products and services, including any new products or services.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to our User Agreement.
By using our products and services, you consent to our User Agreement and Privacy Policy, including our use and disclosure of your personal information as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Please note that consumer advocacy programs and campaigns, and their associated Web sites, most of which are accessible from our main advocacy Web site at ConsumersUnion.
org are governed by a privacy policy found here.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT Personally Identifiable Information There are many features on our Sites for which no personally identifiable information is required to be provided by you.
However, you will need to provide us with personal information about yourself if you are interested in obtaining certain information, purchasing our products and services, making a donation, or participating in other activities with CR, such as sweepstakes, contests or other special initiatives.
And if you use any third-party social media services that may be integrated with our products and services, we may receive personally identifiable information that you have made available to us via those services.
When you engage in these activities, we collect personally identifiable information about you, which may include some or all of the following: your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, mobile phone number, PIN, payment card information, a user name and password, age, and other demographic information.
You attest that you have the legal authority over any telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you.
If you provide us with personally identifiable information, we may use it to help customize your experience online or provide you with personalized email and direct-mail messages.
We may use this information to implement your renewal of a subscription for a product or service.
We may track what electronic or direct-mail content you are interested in.
We conduct such tracking to focus our communications and provide you content, products and services and offers we believe may be of interest to you.
We have separate policies for information provided in response to surveys.
Please see our section regarding how we treat surveys below.
We may supplement information you give us with information from other sources, such as information to validate or update your address, payment card or other demographic and lifestyle information.
We use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, to enable us to fulfill our products and services, to target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services and offers that may be of interest, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes consistent with our mission.
Submission of User Product Reviews, Ratings and Comments We collect information that you voluntarily provide through various tools on our Sites, including messages you post in any public discussion group (forums), user product reviews and ratings submitted through our review tool, and blog comments ("User Generated Content").
In order to post a user review or blog comment, CR requires you to provide us with a user name (which should be different from your real name) and other information, which may include your email address and/or geographical location.
Only your user name and geographical location will be posted with your review.
Forums are available only to subscribers and comments you make on a Forum are identified by your name as it appears on your CR billing records.
User Generated Content is public.
If you don't want people to know your email address or any other personally identifiable information, do not include that information in the text of any message you post publicly.
If you submit user reviews, please be aware that we may share your submissions with other Web sites or provide links to your submissions from other Web sites.
The posting of User Generated Content is subject to our Forum Guidelines.
Information Collected Through Technology When you use any of our Sites or mobile products and services we or our service providers may collect tracking information such as your browser type, mobile device, the type of operating system you use, the domain name of your Internet service provider, and pages visited on the Sites.
We use this information for aggregate reporting so for example, we may want to know how long the average user spends on our Sites or which pages or features get the most attention.
We use this information to make our Sites and other products and services more useful to you, to present you with content we believe you'll be interested in, and to serve banner ads for Consumer Reports products and services on both our Sites and other web sites.
Most aggregate information is collected via cookies, web beacons and other technical methods.
For instance, we use Web beacons (also known as clear gifs) on some of our Site pages in conjunction with cookies to compile statistics about site usage.
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Web sites or applications.
We or our service providers use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our Sites, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our Sites and to measure site effectiveness or use of our other products and services, such as mobile applications.
We also use Web beacons in HTML e-mails that we send our visitors who have agreed to receive e-mail from us, to determine whether our recipients have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails.
On their own, cookies or Web beacons do not contain or reveal any personally identifiable information.
However, if you choose to furnish Consumer Reports with personally identifiable information, this information can be associated to the data stored in the cookies or Web beacons.
These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to our service providers.
These technical methods allow us to make our Sites and other products and services, and any e-mails you have agreed to receive, more interesting to you.
You may render some Web beacons unusable by rejecting their associated cookies.
We also use "cookies" to store, and sometimes to track, user information.
Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering or subscribing to our Sites.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.
A cookie contains a unique number that allows our Sites to recognize your computer.
We use both temporary and persistent cookies.
A temporary cookie tracks visitor activity during a session or visit and it expires when you close your browser.
We use them to provide continuity for your visit as you visit Web site pages.
Persistent cookies allow us to keep track of your user name and password (if you are a subscriber) so you don't have to re-enter that information each time you visit.
The Help function on most browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or to disable cookies entirely.
However, if you don't accept cookies, you won't be able to take advantage of various features on our Sites that are available to other visitors.
Ad Serving We do not allow third-party ads on our Sites.
We may place ads for Consumer Reports products or services on other Web sites or provide some of our content to these other sites.
If you view a Web page where ads or content appear for a Consumer Reports service, the online site may place a cookie or Web beacon on your computer.
This allows the site to recognize the computer when it is used to return to that site, or to measure advertising response.
This data is anonymous and is not linked to personal data on the user's computer or any Consumer Reports databases.
This data also may be used by the external site to measure advertising effectiveness, content interest, and relevance.
If you no longer wish to receive targeted ads for Consumer Reports products and services and other advertisers on other websites, you can opt out at Ad Choices.
Licensed Content Consumer Reports licenses content from various licensors for our products and services.
Most such third-party content is hosted directly by us.
In a few cases, however, the company licensing content to Consumer Reports may host the content on their Web servers, although our subscribers gain access to the content through our Sites.
In such cases, the content licensor may collect aggregate tracking information such as domain name and IP (Internet Protocol) addresses for those who access the hosted content.
Those companies are restricted from sharing or reselling any information collected.
THIRD PARTY SITES AND SERVICES Our Sites and other products and services may contain links to third-party Web sites or access to third-party services for your convenience and information.
If you disclose your personal information to third parties, whether through our Sites or other products and services or through third-party sites throughout the Internet, different rules will apply to the use and disclosure of personal information you disclose to them.
We are not responsible for and do not control the privacy practices or the content of those other sites or services so you should investigate their policies before you disclose your personal information to them.
Similarly, if you subscribe to or purchase a Consumer Reports product or service or communicate with us through a company or service other than Consumer Reports, such as a magazine subscription service, an online book or magazine store, digital application service provider, telecommunication service provider, or social media service, then the privacy policy of that entity will control any information you provide to that third party and will operate independently of this Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED We want you to understand how we will use your information and to provide you with information on how to contact us with regard to your privacy preferences.
Consumer Reports Information Use Consumer Reports uses personally identifiable information collected through all channels for the purpose for which it was collected, and to contact you regarding your use of our products and services or matters that affect you and information about our products and services or in some instances provide others with your information for the limited purposes as described below.
When you provide us with information in connection with a particular activity or otherwise purchase our products and services or provide your contact information, including an email address or telephone number in connection with that activity, product or service, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase or inquiry establishing a business relationship with us.
You expressly consent to our communicating with you future information about Consumer Reports's products, programs and services using the information you provided to us and that we have the authority to contact you via the information you provide.
This means we may contact you, in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving.
If you provide us with your mobile telephone number, we will only use that number to provide you with promotional messages for other Consumer Reports products and services if you have provided us with your express opt-in consent.
Third-Party Use of Aggregate, Anonymous Data We authorize certain service providers to utilize for their business purposes and in accordance with their privacy policies aggregated, anonymous information derived from data collected when you use the products and services they support on our behalf, for example, to report on usage or industry trends to their customer base.
This information includes such anonymous, aggregated information as what products are purchased and/or downloaded, your browser type, screen resolution and mobile device type.
None of this information identifies you personally, nor do our service providers link it any of the personally identifying information we collect from you.
SHARING YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION We take very seriously our responsibility to maintain your privacy with respect to your personally identifiable information.
We will share that information only as described in this policy.
If you wish to opt out of any sharing of information described in this privacy policy go to Choice/Opt out for instructions.
Sharing With Consumers Union Action Fund, Inc.
If you participate in one of our consumer advocacy campaigns, and as part of that participation you consent to receive electronic communications regarding our advocacy activities, we may share or rent your personal information with our affiliate, Consumers Union Action Fund, Inc.
("CU Action Fund") as described in our Consumers Union Advocacy Privacy Policy.
CU Action Fund is a 501(c)(4) nonprofit consumer advocacy organization that works to educate the public regarding consumer rights and consumer safety issues and to advocate policies, legislation and regulation that ensure a fair and safe marketplace for consumers.
If you want to opt out of any sharing of information described in this section go to Choice/Opt out for instructions.
Donations If you make a donation directly to Consumer Reports Foundation or Consumers Union, none of the information from that donation will be rented or exchanged with any other company or organization except CU Action Fund.
If you want to opt out of any sharing of information described in this section go to Choice/Opt out for instructions.
Sharing With Other Companies For Direct-Mail Promotional Offers If you subscribe to Consumer Reports magazine or our print newsletters or purchase any of our print publications either by mail, phone, or online, we may exchange or rent your name and mailing address (but not your email address) with other companies that offer products or services through direct-mail.
We screen all such offers and strive to select trustworthy, reputable companies who offer high quality products or services of interest to you.
Each mailing list exchange or rental limits the recipient company's use to one promotional effort only.
If you prefer not to receive these offers, please follow the instructions in the Choice/Opt out section of this privacy policy.
Sharing With Service Providers We contract with other companies to provide certain services on our behalf, including but not limited to payment-card processing, shipping, mail and email distribution, mobile messaging, web site hosting, mobile payment processing via wireless carriers, monitoring of user product reviews and Ratings, digital publishing, analytics and promotions management.
For some of our surveys, we may contract with other companies to issue survey participation invitations on our behalf, to host surveys for us, or perform other information-gathering, processing and validation-related services.
We provide these companies only with the information they need to perform their services.
For our paid mobile products and services, our mobile payment process service providers will provide your information directly to your mobile telephone service provider, which bills you directly.
Please note that our Privacy Policy does not apply to your mobile phone service provider's use of your personal information.
You should consult its privacy policy.
Sale Of A Business Or Sharing For Legal Purposes From time to time, we may purchase or establish a business, or sell one or more of our businesses and your personally identifiable information may be transferred as part of the merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business to provide certain of our products and services, or sale or pledge of our assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of Consumer Reports.
Information, including personal information, about Consumer Reports' customers, donors and other users of our Sites and other products and services may also need to be disclosed in connection with a transaction in which Consumer Reports or one of our affiliates, is seeking financing, investment, support or funding.
If we purchase a business, the personally identifiable information received would be treated in accordance with the terms of the privacy policy of the business that was in effect at the time of the transfer to CR, and if permissible and practical to do so, this Privacy Policy, as well.
If we sell a business or engage in one of the other types of transactions noted above, personal information will be subject to the promises made in our privacy policy in effect at the time of the transfer of that information.
We reserve the right to share your personal identifiable information with legal authorities if required by law, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or if we determine in our sole discretion that it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected illegal activities, any violations of our User Agreement (including this Privacy Policy), or in connection with any safety or security concerns.
Mandatory Disclosure for Certain Promotional Offers, Sweepstakes or Contests If you provide your name for a promotional offer to enter a sweepstakes or contest, and win a prize, we will post a winner's list online, and will file your name, address and phone number with state agencies and/or otherwise disclose and/or file a winner's list as required by law.
CHOICE/OPT OUT Service Related Announcements We may send you emails relating to your account.
These include emails such as order confirmations, renewal/expiration notices, and payment-card problem notifications.
We may also send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so.
For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, or the delivery of a service is delayed we might send you a notice, or if there is some service issue with something you might have ordered.
You may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.
Opting Out of Other Communications Consumer Reports provides you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving other communications from us and our affiliate, CU Action Fund.
Please note that you must separately opt out of communications by publication and business unit (e.
g.
, publications, fundraising, survey research, etc.
).
For more information about opting out of non-service related communications, please see the following: Electronic Newsletters We offer several email newsletters.
If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter, follow the link to manage your newsletter subscriptions located near the bottom of each newsletter, or call Customer Relations.
Opting out of one email newsletter will not terminate all email newsletters for which you have subscribed.
Electronic CU Action Fund Communications If you no longer wish to receive electronic CU Action Fund communications, follow the 'unsubscribe' link located near the bottom of any electronic CU Action Fund communication.
Promotional Communications If you prefer not to receive electronic promotional communications you can opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each communication.
If you prefer not to receive text or wireless promotional communications you can opt out by following the STOP instructions included in each communication.
Alternatively, you can indicate your preference not to receive promotional communications from us by either going into your Account online and changing your preferences as outlined below or contacting Customer Relations.
To Change Personal Preferences Online To Change Preferences for receiving Electronic Promotional Communications about Online Products and Services: Go to www.
ConsumerReports.
org.
Click on My account.
Under "Manage online products", log in with your user name and password.
In the section entitled "My personal information", click on "Manage my preferences.
" Select or de-select the email/text updates you would like to receive or stop receiving.
Click the "Update preferences" button.
To Change Preferences for receiving Electronic Promotional Communications about Print Products and Services: Go to www.
ConsumerReports.
org.
Click on My account.
Under "Manage print products", click on the "Access Account" link under the relevant print product(s).
Enter your last name, account number and security code.
Click on "Add/Change My E-mail address.
" Under "we contact our customer by email…", change the selection to "no.
" Click "Save My Changes".
Contact Customer Relations as follows: (Be sure to include your full name, address, telephone number and account information.
) By Email: www.
consumerreports.
org/email By Mail: Consumer Reports Customer Relations 101 Truman Avenue Yonkers, NY 10703 By Phone: 1-914-378-2300 Direct Mail Communications From Consumer Reports If you would like to opt-out of receiving direct mail promotional offers for any Consumer Reports products or services, please call us at 1-800-234-1645.
Be sure to state your full name and address and account information (if applicable) along with your request.
If you would like information about the Direct Marketing Association's Commitment to Consumer Choice, please visit www.
DMAChoice.
org.
Direct-Mail Promotional Offers If you prefer not to receive direct mail offers from third parties, please tell us so by calling us at 1-800-234-1645 or writing to: Consumer Reports, Mail Preference Service PO Box 2109 Harlan, IA 51593 Be sure to include your full name and address and account information along with your request.
It may take several weeks for your request to become effective.
Donations When you make a donation or contribution to Consumer Reports Foundation, Consumers Union or to CU Action Fund, you may be contacted by mail, phone or email to make an additional donation to Consumer Reports Foundation, Consumers Union or to CU Action Fund or to subscribe to our products and services.
If you do not wish to receive any postal mail solicitations for donations from us please write: Consumer Reports Development Office No Mail Solicitations 101 Truman Ave.
Yonkers, NY 10703 If you do not wish to receive telephone solicitations for donations from us please write: Consumer Reports Development Office No Telephone Solicitations 101 Truman Ave.
Yonkers, NY 10703 If you do not wish to receive email solicitations from us please write: Consumer Reports Development Office No Email Solicitations 101 Truman Ave.
Yonkers, NY 10703 SURVEYS We have supplementary policies that specifically address information collected through participation in our surveys because we treat survey response information differently.
We conduct different types of surveys using Consumer Reports research staff or through research firms we hire.
We conduct surveys in both print and electronic formats.
Survey data is stored securely and for a limited period of time.
When you participate in one of our surveys, we ask for a variety of information including: (1) demographic information, such as your age, gender, and geographic location, (2) information about yourself and about your experiences with products and services (some of which information may be personally identifying) and (3) your views and opinions on various topics.
The following principles govern our use of the information we collect through surveys: First, your survey responses will be used only in combination with those of other survey respondents to produce information to help consumers in today's marketplace.
Your individual responses will remain confidential to Consumer Reports (and our agents and service providers) and will not be used for non-research purposes.
Second, you will not receive marketing or other non-research materials as a result of participating in a survey, although it is possible that you may receive such materials as a result of your prior business relationship as a customer or subscriber of Consumer Reports' products or services, as a member of Consumer Reports or as a donor to our organization.
There are two general exceptions to these principles: (1) As part of our quality control efforts, if you participate in a survey, you may be contacted by Consumer Reports or its agents to validate that you did take part in the survey; and (2) With your prior affirmative consent (if provided in your initial survey response), our researchers may follow up with you based on your specific answers to a survey.
For example, if you tell us you have a particular car model and we have additional questions about that car, we may select you to participate in a second survey, but only if you provided us with affirmative permission to do so in the initial survey.
If you wish to decline participation in future surveys, we will honor your opt-out request as quickly as possible.
If you are a print (or other offline e.
g.
, telephone) survey participant, you may opt out of receiving future offline surveys by calling us at 1-800-234-1645 or by writing to us at: Consumer Reports Customer Relations Attn: Privacy 101 Truman Avenue Yonkers, NY 10703 Online Surveys If you are an online survey participant, we provide you with instructions on how to opt out of receiving future invitations in each email survey invitation.
If you opt out of any online survey, you will be opted out of all of our online surveys with one important exception: the online version of our Annual Questionnaire.
Each year Consumer Reports asks subscribers to participate in a survey about cars, and other products and services.
It is one of the largest surveys of its kind, and we use the answers to create our unique reliability and service ratings that we make available to subscribers throughout the year.
For information on how to opt out of the print or online version of the Annual Questionnaire, see below.
Opting out of Annual Questionnaire and Ballot (print version) Please note that you must separately opt out of receiving the print version of our Annual Questionnaire, which is a survey we send each year to paid annual subscribers to our magazine and ConsumerReports.
org products who do not receive the online version of the Questionnaire.
The Annual Questionnaire is handled separately because it contains the ballot for the election of our Board of Directors.
If you opt out of the Annual Questionnaire, you will no longer receive a ballot for the election of our Board of Directors unless you separately contact us for a ballot by calling us at 1-800-234-1645 or writing to us at the address indicated above.
Please keep in mind that if you elect to continue receiving the Annual Questionnaire and Ballot, you can complete and return the ballot portion without completing the survey portion.
Opting out of Annual Questionnaire and Ballot (online version) The online version of our Annual Questionnaire is handled separately because like the print Annual Questionnaire, it also contains the ballot for the election of our Board of Directors.
If you no longer wish to receive the online Annual Questionnaire, you must separately opt-out of that survey by following instructions at the bottom of the email invitation.
If you opt out of the Annual Questionnaire and Ballot, you will no longer receive a ballot for the election of our Board of Directors unless you contact us for a ballot by calling us at 1-800-234-1645 or writing to us at the address indicated above.
If you elect to continue receiving the online Annual Questionnaire and Ballot, you can complete and return the online ballot without completing the survey portion.
HOW YOU CAN HAVE ACCESS TO AND CORRECT YOUR INFORMATION Consumer Reports provides you with the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us on your account.
To update your information, please log in online and visit My account.
Or, for any other requests, write to us at: Consumer Reports Customer Relations Attn: Account Information 101 Truman Avenue Yonkers, NY 10703 YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS California Civil Code Section 1798.
83 permits users of our Sites who are California residents to request certain information regarding disclosure of personal information to third parties for such third parties' direct marketing purposes.
You may make such a request by writing to us at: Consumer Reports Attn: Legal Department 101 Truman Avenue Yonkers, NY 10703-1057 or emailing us at: legaldept@consumer.
org Please include the full name and contact information for your CR account in your request.
SECURITY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE We work to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration.
We have put in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access and maintain security over the data we collect.
We use industry-recognized security safeguards such as firewalls and other security procedures to help protect your information from loss or unauthorized access.
We use data encryption technology to help protect against loss, misuse or alteration of your sensitive credit or debit card information.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which creates an encrypted connection between you and our systems for the transmission of any credit or debit card information you input online and we use encryption protection for any payment authorizations for transactions we request through any channel.
Once we collect your credit card or debit card information, it is stored encrypted on restricted-access computers that are not directly accessible via the Internet.
Any unauthorized access to or use of any of our Sites and other products and services or to the information collected and maintained by us should be immediately brought to our attention by contacting us via email or by writing to us at Consumer Reports Customer Relations, Attn: Security, 101 Truman Avenue, Yonkers, NY 10703.
We will investigate, and, if necessary, take action to halt any violation of the security of your personal information of which we become aware.
In the unlikely event that we believe the security of your personally identifiable information, such as payment card information, in our possession or control has been compromised, we will endeavor to provide required notice as soon as possible under the circumstances and if appropriate, will post notices on any applicable Consumer Reports Web site.
Security of Passwords and Pin Numbers and Public Forums When you set up an online account with us, you are asked to establish a user name and password.
When you later log on to your account, you will be asked to enter your user name and password to protect the security of your online account.
If you want to change your password or other subscriber information, you may do so at any time through My account.
If you have forgotten your user name and wish to log on, you will be asked to provide the email address you used when you created the account (or an updated email address that you have previously provided), and an email containing your user name will be sent promptly to that email address.
If you wish to log on to your account and have forgotten your password, the online system will request both your email address and your user name, and we will promptly send you an email with a temporary password.
You will be prompted to reset it to a new password.
When you purchase 24 hours or 30 days' access to Consumer Reports Mobile, you will be asked to provide your mobile phone number, wireless carrier and to establish a 4-digit PIN in order to protect the security of your account.
When you later log on to Consumer Reports Mobile, you will be asked to enter the mobile phone number and PIN you initially provided.
If you have forgotten your PIN and wish to log on, you can click on the "Forgot PIN?" link on the "Consumer Reports Mobile-only" user login page.
You will be asked to provide the mobile phone number you used when you initially registered for Consumer Reports Mobile.
Upon submitting that information, a text message containing your PIN will be sent promptly to that mobile phone number.
If you change your mobile phone number, you will be asked to create a new account by providing that mobile phone number and a 4-digit PIN.
If you have a print subscription that is managed online, you will need to provide us with your account number to make any changes to your password or other subscriber information.
Both online and print subscribers may also call our customer support to retrieve forgotten account information or to otherwise make changes to their information.
In that case, you will be asked to provide your name or email address, as well as the street or post office address we have on record for you, prior to a customer service representative providing or changing your user name or password.
It is your responsibility to control the dissemination and use of your user name and password and to control access to and use of your account.
We urge you to keep your user name and password confidential and not disclose them to anyone.
Be sure to sign off when finished using our Sites, especially if you are using a shared or public computer.
We will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this provision, for example, a third party's unauthorized access to your information.
You may choose to send us emails.
Information disclosed in emails may not be secure or encrypted and thus may be available to others.
Exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal or confidential information in emails.
IMPORTANT - Although we take these steps to protect your personal information, no method of transmitting or storing electronic data is ever completely secure, therefore we cannot promise or guarantee that such information will never be accessed, used or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY Our Sites and other products and services are oriented toward a general audience and intended for adults only.
We do not knowingly collect information from children.
NOTE TO INTERNATIONAL USERS Consumer Reports is a New York not-for-profit organization headquartered in Yonkers, New York, USA.
If you are located outside of the United States, the personal information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and governed by applicable U.
S.
laws and regulations and this Privacy Policy.
Some of this information may be transferred to, processed and stored temporarily by our service providers in other countries.
By submitting your personal information, you consent to its transfer to and storage in the United States and other countries designated by Consumer Reports, its governance by U.
S.
laws and regulations, and its use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time.
The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on our Sites, with the "Effective Date" posted at the top of the Policy.
We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new products and services or change existing ones.
If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information, you will know because the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy will change.
If we are going to use any personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change.
If you do not consent, your personal information will be used as agreed to under the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time we obtained that information.
If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information, we will make you aware by prominently posting a notice on our Web sites 30 days in advance of any such material change.
By using our Sites or other products and services after the Effective Date of such material changes, you are deemed to consent to our then-current privacy policy.
HOW TO CONTACT US ABOUT PRIVACY If you have any questions or concerns about the Consumer Reports Privacy Policy, its implementation, or would like a written copy, please feel free to contact us at: Consumer Reports Customer Relations Attn: Privacy 101 Truman Avenue Yonkers, NY 10703 Or, if you would like to contact us via email, please visit www.
consumerreports.
org/email.
If you feel that we have not followed our Privacy Policy, please let us know.
Additionally, you may contact The Direct Marketing Association's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at ethics@the-dma.
org.
DISPUTES Any disputes regarding this Privacy Policy are subject to our User Agreement and will be governed by the laws of the State of New York, applicable to agreements made and performed there.
© 2011 Consumers Union of U.
S.
, Inc.
    E-mail Newsletters FREE e-mail Newsletters! Choose from safety, health, cars, and more! Already signed-up? Manage your newsletters here too.
Consumer News SMART PHONE REVIEWS 'Purple haze' photo problem isn't limited to iPhone 5 In our tests, the iPhone 4S and some Android devices had the same issue.
AUTOMOTIVE NEWS Toyota recalls 7.
43 million cars due to window switch The recall includes the Camry, Corolla, Highlander, Yaris, and several others.
LEAF BLOWER REVIEWS Troy-Bilt TB 672 is designed for heavy-duty leaf work Wheeled models make a lot of sense if you have a big property.
HOME &amp; GARDEN PRODUCTS Eight home repairs you can’t afford to ignore this fall Skipping these basic maintenance tasks now will cost you later.
HEALTH NEWS Does Culturelle work for tummy troubles? This probiotic is supposed to promote digestion and maintain regularity.
Read More Connect Discuss products and safety with subscribers and fans Follow us on: Mobile Get Ratings on the go and compare while you shop Learn more How we test Our mission Our history Lab tour About Us Press Room No commercial use policy Career Opportunities ConsumerReports.
org Contact Us My Account A-Z Index Car Index Product Index Your Privacy Rights Ad Choices User Agreement View Mobile Version Consumer Reports Network ConsumerReports.
org The Consumerist Cars Best Deals Plus Car Pricing Service ConsumersUnion.
org Canada Extra en Español School Safety Alert Consumer Reports Bookstore ShopSmartMag.
org Copyright © 2006-2012 Consumers Union of U.
S.
, Inc.
No reproduction, in whole or in part, without written permission 
