 Dailymotion Browse Upload a Video Create Account Sign in Terms of Use Terms of Use - Key points Corporate Information Prohibited Content Privacy Policy MotionMaker Terms of Use Content Protection Child protection Terms and conditions of sales Modified on 2011 August 24th 1.
Purpose This document sets out Dailymotion’s commitment to your privacy and to the protection of personal data (the "Data") collected and processed in connection with your use of the Website, under the terms and conditions set out in the General Terms of Use.
2.
Data collected We collect and subsequently process (i) the Data that you voluntarily provide on the registration form on the Website including your user ID, a valid email address, and your date of birth and (ii) your IP address (the address of your computer) by an automatic collecting process.
Please note that whether or not you are a registered user, the Website may implement or allow third-party companies to implement automatic tracking processes (cookie or web beacon), which you may block by changing your browser settings.
The Data (e.
g.
, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) collected through these automatic tracking processes are anonymous and are used in order to improve the Website’s quality (as for examples the improvement of your search results and of the advertising selection provided to you).
3.
Purpose of processing Data indicated on the Website as mandatory is required in order to use the Website’s features (video uploads, comments, etc).
Data automatically collected by the Website allows us to compile statistics on web page visits.
Because Dailymotion is a French company, the Data is collected and maintained in France.
  For your information, this processing has been reported to the relevant local authority (Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés).
4.
Data recipients With exception for your non-personally identifiable information as stated in section 2, your Data is not transmitted to third parties.
However, Dailymotion may release Data if the law requires it to do so or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and applicable laws or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant or to protect Dailymotion’s rights and interests.
It is Dailymotion’s policy, whenever possible and legally permissible, to promptly notify you upon receipt of a subpoena, and not produce your Data until approximately two weeks after receipt of the subpoena, so that you will have adequate opportunity to move to quash the subpoena in court.
5.
Data security Dailymotion attaches great importance to the security of your Data, and takes all appropriate steps to limit the risk that it may be lost, damaged or misused.
6.
Data retention Data is stored on the premises of the Website host and is kept only as long as necessary for the purposes set out above.
After that point, data is kept only for statistical purposes and shall not be used for any other reason.
7.
Youth Restrictions and Parental Control Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to register with Dailymotion.
It is Dailymotion's policy not to collect any information from anyone under the age of 13.
In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the Website is not intended for children under 13.
If you are under 13 years of age, do not use or access the Dailymotion website at any time or in any manner.
If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13, and that child has somehow registered with Dailymotion, please send an e-mail to webmaster@dailymotion.
com for instructions on how to cancel your child's registration.
 In the e-mail, please provide your full name and address, your child's full name and address, your relationship to the child, your daytime and evening telephone numbers, your email address and a signed statement that you are the child's parent or legal guardian.
Dailymotion will use this information only to verify that you are the child's parent or legal guardian and for no other purposes.
8.
Your rights You are entitled to access and correct your Data by requesting to do so via the Personal Info section of your profile or by sending a letter to the following address: 49/51 rue Ganneron, 75018 Paris.
Modified on 2011 August 24th Dailymotion About Press Jobs Blog All videos Participate Advertise Become a MotionMaker Become an Official User B2B Solution Dailymotion Publisher OpenVoD Help FAQ Contact Family Filter ON Legal terms Terms of use Privacy policy Prohibited content Copyright notification Child protection Extras Contests Mobile Dailymotion Stream Mass Uploader Slideshow more … Developers Data API Player API © 2005 - 2012 Dailymotion International▾ Follow us 
