
9af93483-01a4-48b5-8eb5-bb3c35b8e37f <ul>
<li>
<p>
</p>
</li>
<li> Search Search </li>
<li>
<p>Contact Us</p>
</li>
<li> En español </li>
<li>
<p>Showing offers for zip code 80201</p>
</li>
<li> Zip Code UPDATE </li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> Shop </li>
<li> Manage Account </li>
<li> Support </li>
</ul> Toggle Navigation <ul>
<li>
<p>Shop</p>
</li>
<li>
<ul>
<li> Packages </li>
<li> Internet </li>
<li> Cable TV </li>
<li> Home Phone </li>
<li> Mobile </li>
<li>
</li>
<li> Business </li>
</ul>
</li>
<li> Manage Account </li>
<li> Support </li>
<li> Contact Us </li>
<li> En español </li>
<li>
<p>Search</p>
</li>
<li> Search Search </li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li> Packages </li>
<li> Internet </li>
<li> Cable TV </li>
<li> Home Phone </li>
<li>
</li>
<li> Latino </li>
<li> Business </li>
</ul> Check Availability &amp.
Offers * Street Address Error: Enter your street address Apartment * Zip Code Error: Enter your 5-digit ZIP code Go Why do I need to enter my exact address? <p>SHOP ONLINE NOW</p> *Street Address Error: Enter your street address Apt / Unit # *Zip Code Error: Enter your 5-digit ZIP code FIND BEST OFFERS <p>
</p> FIND BEST OFFERS × Get Online Only Deals <p>Enter your address to see which offers are available for your home</p>
<p>* Asterisk denotes required field</p> * Street Address Error.
Enter your street address Apartment * Zip Code Error.
Enter your 5-digit ZIP code Go Why do I need to enter my exact address? Terms of Service/Policies Spectrum Terms of Service / Policies <p>Spectrum Residential General Terms and Conditions of Service</p> In addition to these Residential General Terms and Conditions of Service ("General Terms"), You, individually ("You" or "Subscriber"), and You, on behalf of every member of your household, current and future, every visitor to or guest in your household, and any other person who uses the Services (together with Subscriber, the "Subscriber Group"), agree to be bound by the terms of service applicable to the residential Spectrum service(s) to which You subscribe (hereafter, "Service" or "Services"), as well as the Spectrum Subscriber Privacy Notice, which may each be found at www.spectrum.com, under "Terms of Service/Policies" and "Your Privacy Rights," as such may be updated from time to time (collectively, the "Terms of Service") and are incorporated herein by this reference.
In the event of any conflict between these General Terms below and the Service-specific Terms of Service, the Service-specific Terms of Service shall control.
For purposes of these Terms of Service, all references to "Spectrum" mean Charter Communications Operating, LLC and any of its affiliates or subsidiaries providing Subscriber the Services (including third parties Spectrum may retain to provide the Services).
If Spectrum provides Spectrum Voice™ service in Subscriber's area, it will be provided through the Spectrum phone service affiliate servicing Subscriber's area.
Subscriber's signature on the work order presented upon installation of Services, the Subscriber Group's use of Services, and/or any other form of signature or action indicating intention to use (e.g., online acceptance, e-signature or breaking the seal on the box of a self-installation kit, activation of service) are evidence of Subscriber Group's agreement to these General Terms which incorporate the Terms of Service.
Spectrum may change its prices, fees, the Services, and/or the Terms of Service.
The Subscriber Group's continued use of the Services after notice of the change shall be considered Subscriber's acknowledgement and acceptance of the changes, and the most-recent version of these Terms of Service controls Subscriber's relationship with Spectrum and Spectrum's provision of Services to Subscriber.
The current version of the Terms of Service may be found at www.spectrum.com under "Terms of Service/Policies." Subscriber may not modify these General Terms, the Service-specific Terms of Service, or the Spectrum Subscriber Privacy Notice by making any typed, handwritten, or any other changes to it for any purpose.
This is a binding legal document.
In the event that a portion of the Services is terminated, or any aspect of it is changed, any remaining Service or replacement Service will continue to be governed by these General Terms and Terms of Service incorporated herein.
These General Terms and the Terms of Service do not apply to services sold under the Spectrum Business brand.
THESE GENERAL TERMS CONTAIN (1) A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION, WHICH INCLUDES A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT TO BRING CLAIMS AS CLASS ACTIONS.
(2) A LIMITATION ON YOUR RIGHT TO BRING CLAIMS AGAINST SPECTRUM MORE THAN 1 YEAR AFTER THE RELEVANT EVENTS OCCURRED.
AND (3) THE RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF THE FOREGOING PROVISIONS.
THESE PROVISIONS AFFECT SUBSCRIBER'S RIGHTS UNDER THESE GENERAL TERMS WITH RESPECT TO ALL SERVICES.
SEE SECTION 29 FOR DETAILS ON THESE PROVISIONS.
1.
Payment of Charges: Subscriber will be billed monthly, in advance, for Services to be received, plus pro-rata charges, if any, for periods not previously billed.
Billing may commence on or after the earlier to occur of (a) the activation of any Service, (b) confirmed delivery of service Equipment, (c) 8 days after Subscriber's placement of a Service order or (d) shipment of devices or equipment.
Subscriber will be billed monthly in arrears for all Services used including without limitation, Pay Per View, On Demand, per unit or minute usage charges, roaming, or other Services ordered where charges are based on actual usage or on orders placed during the previous month.
Subscriber shall pay all monthly charges and all applicable fees and taxes by the due date as listed on the Spectrum monthly bill(s), which may be sent by multiple, separate invoices and/or exclusively by online presentation depending on respective Service subscription.
Payment methods, including Credit Card, Debit Cards and Checks will be stored for future use by the subscriber.
It shall be Subscriber's obligation to review bills as presented on line.
Subscriber shall notify Spectrum of disputed charges or items within sixty (60) days of invoice receipt or online posting, or longer as required by applicable law.
Failure to pay charges billed when due (including checks returned for insufficient funds) may result in discontinuance of all Services, the removal of all Equipment (as defined in Section 7 below) and/or imposition of a late payment or service charge.
If the Subscriber has more than one account (business and/or residential) served by Spectrum, all Spectrum-provided Services at all locations may be subject to suspension or discontinuance of Service in the event any one account remains unpaid, and Spectrum may apply any funds received from Subscriber first to such delinquent account(s).
Should Subscriber wish to resume Service after any suspension, Subscriber may be subject to reconnection fees.
Should Subscriber wish to resume Service after termination of Service, Spectrum may charge fees for installation, service calls and/or activation and reserves the right to charge rates different from those in place at the time of disconnect.
These fees are in addition to all past due charges and other fees.
In the event collection activities are required, additional collection charges may be imposed.
Charges may apply for service visits when Spectrum-owned equipment is not the cause of any service degradation, outage, or other problem with your service.
Charges may apply for any Subscriber-requested transaction assistance from a Spectrum Customer Service Representative.
Subscriber's first bill may include partial-month charges for Service received, first month's per unit or minute usage charges, applicable installment plan charges, and/or other applicable monthly Service charges.
If partial payment is made of any bill and without waiving its right to collect the full balance owed, Spectrum will apply that payment to any outstanding charges in the amounts and proportions that it determines.
Subscriber agrees and understands that by entering into the financial arrangement described herein, except to the limited extent Subscriber is purchasing devices (each a "Subscriber Purchased Device") from Spectrum under an installment plan agreement, Spectrum is not extending Subscriber any credit and therefore Spectrum and Subscriber are not entering into a consumer credit or similar transaction.
Sales of any Subscriber Purchased Device(s) are final upon the earlier to occur of the effective date of any applicable installment plan agreement therefor or the opening of the respective packaging thereof, and Spectrum disclaims any and all responsibility for the returns, replacement, repair, or maintenance of such device(s), with respect to which the Subscriber shall look exclusively to the manufacturer of such device(s).
2.
Recurring Auto Pay or One-Time Payment services by Electronic Payment Terms: The following Electronic Payment Terms apply to Spectrum's recurring Auto Pay or One-Time Payment services that Subscriber may elect to receive.
a.
By participating in the Auto Pay service or One-Time payment service, Subscriber is (i) representing that Subscriber is the authorized user of the debit card, credit card, or banking account used to make payment to Spectrum, and (ii) authorizing Spectrum to store such account number for future use of such services.
Spectrum reserves the right to terminate Subscriber's continued participation in the Auto Pay or One Time payment service for any reason, including without limitation late payment, non-payment, or fraudulent payment of Subscriber's bill.
b.
By electing to enroll in Spectrum's online Auto Pay Service, Subscriber has authorized Spectrum to obtain payment of Subscriber's then-current statement balance each month by direct transfer of funds from Subscriber's selected financial institution or credit card account.
c.
Spectrum will send the applicable of Subscriber's monthly bill statement or notice of online posting of such statement to Subscriber prior to Subscriber's payment due date.
The amount shown as due on the monthly bill statement will constitute notice to Subscriber of any variance in amount from the bill payment amount paid in the previous month by Auto Pay.
The balance shown as due on Subscriber's statement view will be deducted on or around the payment due date.
d.
Payment of Subscriber's Spectrum bill on a recurring basis through Auto Pay may be required for subscription to some Services and for purchase from Spectrum of certain Subscriber Purchased Devices.
Subscriber has the right to revoke the recurring Auto Pay arrangement with Spectrum at any time, except for those services where Auto Pay is required.
Any revocation of Subscriber's authorization to pay the Spectrum bill through an Auto Pay arrangement will not take effect until after receipt by Spectrum, and will result in the discontinuance of Auto Pay bill payment(s).
After cancelation of Auto Pay bill payment, Subscriber will be responsible for taking appropriate action each month to pay the Spectrum bill.
e.
To get a copy a Subscriber's online Auto Pay confirmation for Subscriber's records, Subscriber must print or save such document to Subscriber's computer.
f.
Subscriber is solely responsible for ensuring that contact information, such as email address, and financial information, such as credit card, checking or savings account number, are current and accurate at all times.
Subscriber must notify Spectrum of any change in credit card, checking or savings account information and complete another Auto Pay authorization form to have the Spectrum bill paid on a recurring basis using any new or changed debit or credit card, checking or savings account number or information.
Subscriber can update existing Auto Pay account information on the My Spectrum mobile app or on Spectrum.net/myaccount.
It may take at least one billing cycle after any change made in credit card, checking or savings account number or information for any payments made using these Services to be processed.
In the meantime, Subscriber will remain solely responsible for taking appropriate actions to ensure that bill payments are made when due.
The One Time Pay and Auto Pay services are provided for personal, non-commercial use only, and Subscriber is prohibited from using these services for any illegal activity or purpose, including payment fraud or identity theft.
g.
By electing to use the One Time Pay and Auto Pay services, Subscriber agrees that Spectrum may provide You legal notices regarding the Electronic Payment Terms, the Terms of Service, payments made, and other relevant information or records attributable to transactions Subscriber makes using the One Time Pay and Auto Pay services, in electronic form only.
Subscriber cannot withdraw consent to receive such electronic notice, records, or disclosure if Subscriber elects to continue to use the One Time Pay and Auto Pay services.
h.
It is Subscriber's responsibility to protect the confidentiality of any user name or password used in connection with these One Time Pay and Auto Pay services.
Spectrum recommends that Subscriber not share user name or password with any unauthorized user, because such disclosures might provide unauthorized access to Subscriber's account information.
If Subscriber believes Subscriber's password or other means to access the Spectrum account has been lost, stolen, or otherwise compromised, Subscriber must notify Spectrum immediately at 855-707-7328.
i.
Without limitation, Spectrum shall have no liability or responsibility for its inability to process or receive payments Subscriber makes or attempts to make using the One Time Pay or Auto Pay services or otherwise to perform its responsibilities under these Electronic Terms in the event circumstances beyond Spectrum's control prevent Spectrum from doing so or otherwise affect Spectrum's ability to do so.
j.
Subscriber is responsible for all fees and costs related to maintaining a valid payment method including processing charges or annual costs.
SPECTRUM'S SOLE AND ENTIRE LIABILITY AND SUBSRIBER'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR THE PROCESSING OR DEDUCTION OF AN INCORRECT TRANSFER OF FUNDS HEREUNDER SHALL BE THE RETURN TO YOU OF THE IMPORPERLY TRANSFERRED FUNDS.
3.
Payment by Check.
Returned Items.
Third Party Processing: If Subscriber makes payment by check, Subscriber authorizes Spectrum to collect such payment electronically.
Subscriber may not amend or modify these General Terms with any restrictive endorsements (such as "paid in full"), releases, or other statements on or accompanying checks or other payments accepted by Spectrum.
any of which notations shall have no legal effect.
Whether paying by check, One-Time Pay, Auto Pay services, or any form of electronic funds transfer from a banking account, Subscriber hereby authorizes Spectrum to collect any declined amount electronically from the subject account.
In addition, Subscriber's Service may be suspended and/or terminated.
Subscriber shall be responsible for any payment processing fees incurred when using a third party to process Subscriber's payments to Spectrum.
Any NSF charge is in addition to any charges Subscriber's financial institution may assess.
If initially rejected, Spectrum will make additional multiple attempts to execute such electronic payment for up to 30 days following the initial refusal.
At the end of the 30-day period, if there has not been a successful payment, the applicable of Subscriber's Auto Pay or One Time Pay authorization will be terminated.
4.
Spectrum Refund Policy/30-Day Guarantee.
Subject to additional provisions that may be applicable to equipment returns, new Subscribers (those who have not been Spectrum customers for 90 days prior to subscription) qualify to have all levels of subscription Service refunded/credited if not fully satisfied with the Service.
Current Subscribers adding a new level of subscription Service qualify to receive a refund/credit only on those newly added Services not received within the previous 90 days.
Such refund is valid for customers who pay for their first month of new or upgraded monthly recurring subscription Services.
Pay-Per-View and other non-recurring subscription purchases are not refundable nor are any related installation fees that may apply.
Subscriber is limited to one refund or credit per household for a maximum of 30 days of Service.
Refunds/credits will be given only when request for cancellation of Service is received by Spectrum within 45 days of installation of Service (30 days subscribing to the Service, plus 15 day grace period for formal request of refund/credit).
Any equipment associated with the new subscription must be returned prior to release of refund/credit.
Any state taxes, franchise fees and other fees or charges that may apply are the responsibility of the Subscriber and will not be refunded or credited.
Other restrictions per any offer apply.
5.
Service Bundle Discounts: Spectrum reserves the right to offer and Subscriber may elect to subscribe to a combination of Spectrum Services for which a bundle discount applies ("Bundled Services").
In the event Subscriber terminates any Service component of such Bundled Services or Spectrum terminates such Service component based on Subscriber's failure to comply with the Terms of Service, Spectrum reserves the right to revert the pricing of the remaining Service(s) to the applicable undiscounted price for such Service(s).
6.
Monthly Subscription Services: Subject to restrictions under applicable law, if any, and without abrogating Section 4 - "Spectrum Refund Policy/30-Day Guarantee", Subscriber shall be responsible for the full monthly charge (without pro-ration) for those Services that are offered on a monthly subscription basis to which the Subscriber has subscribed, regardless of Subscriber's termination of such monthly Service prior to the conclusion of the respective subscription month, and for charges for per program, Pay Per View, On Demand, per event or program Cable Services ordered or per unit or minute usage charges, or roaming used by the Subscriber or other Services ordered where charges are based on actual usage or on orders placed during the previous month.
7.
Spectrum Property: All Spectrum-provided equipment distributed to and/or installed for use in the Subscriber's service location(s) by or on behalf of Spectrum ("Equipment") remains the property of Spectrum, except for the "cable home wiring" as defined at 47 C.F.R.
§76.5(ll) ("Wiring") and excluding certain Subscriber Purchased Devices that Subscriber has purchased from Spectrum outright or under an installment agreement or any other device ownership of which Spectrum has conveyed to Subscriber (e.g., modems, streaming or edge devices.
collectively, "Conveyed Devices").
Equipment and Wiring installed at the Subscriber's Service location are intended to remain at the specific Service location and must not be used or relocated off such premises without Spectrum authorization.
Subscriber must return all Equipment upon substitution of use or termination of Service.
Failure to do so will result in a charge to be determined in accordance with Spectrum's then current schedule of charges for non-returned Equipment, which amount shall be due immediately.
Subscriber agrees to pay such charge whether the Equipment is lost (through theft or otherwise), damaged or destroyed.
8.
Disruption of Service: All Services are provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis.
In no event shall Spectrum be liable for any failure or interruption of Service, including without limitation those failures and interruptions resulting in part or entirely from circumstances beyond Spectrum's reasonable control.
Subject to applicable law, Spectrum may give credit with respect to Subscriber's recurring monthly subscription fee for qualifying outages of Services.
9.
Equipment: Excluding certain Subscriber Purchased Devices sold by Spectrum for which separate terms and conditions may apply or Conveyed Devices, Spectrum will repair and/or replace damaged or defective Equipment, if any, as long as such damage or defect was not caused by misuse or other improper operations or handling by Subscriber.
Spectrum shall have the right to presume misuse or other improper operations or handling by Subscriber in the event Subscriber requests repair or replacement more than twice in any twelve (12) month period, or more than three times in any twenty-four (24) month period, and shall have no obligation to fulfill any such repair or replacement.
Spectrum is not responsible for the maintenance or repair of Subscriber-provided equipment, including but not limited to connected devices, mobile devices, home telephones, computers, modems, televisions, Subscriber Purchased Devices, Conveyed Devices, or any other related Subscriber-provided equipment.
A service charge may be imposed upon the dispatch of a technician if there is damage to Equipment due to negligent use or abuse or if no fault is discovered in Spectrum's system or Equipment.
Spectrum makes no warranties, with respect to Equipment or Service provided by Spectrum or with respect to the compatibility of the Service or the Equipment with any Subscriber-provided equipment.
ALL EQUIPMENT, WIRING, SUBSCRIBER PURCHASED DEVICES, AND CONVEYED DEVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", AND SPECTRUM HEREBY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND FITNESS FOR A SPECIFIC PURPOSE.
SPECTRUM SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST BUSINESS, REVENUE, PROFITS, OR GOODWILL) ARISING FROM THE USE, DEPLOYMENT, AND/OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ITS EQUIPMENT, WIRING, SUBSCIBER PURCHASED DEVICES, OR CONVEYED DEVICES.
SPECTRUM HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING FROM OR ASSOCIATED WITH THE FAILURE, OPERABILITY, PERFORMANCE, DEFECTS OR LOSS, LIABILITY OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM USE OF SUBSCRIBER PURCHASED DEVICES OR CONVEYED DEVICES, ANY OF WHICH SHALL REMAIN MATTERS EXCLUSIVELY BETWEEN THE SUBSCRIBER AND THE MANUFACTURER OF SUCH DEVICES.
Spectrum's sole obligation and Subscriber's sole remedy with respect to any liability or damage caused by Subscriber's use or deployment of Equipment or Wiring shall be a refund of fees paid by Subscriber for such Equipment for the previous billing month/cycle.
10.
Subscriber Property: Spectrum assumes no responsibility and shall have no responsibility for the condition or repair of any Subscriber Purchased Devices, Conveyed Devices, or Subscriber-provided equipment/software.
Subscriber is responsible for the repair and maintenance of Subscriber Purchased Devices, Conveyed Devices, and any other Subscriber-provided equipment/software.
Spectrum is not responsible or liable for any loss or impairment of Spectrum's Service due in whole or in part to a malfunction, defect or otherwise caused by Subscriber Purchased Devices, Conveyed Devices, or Subscriber-provided equipment/software.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, Subscriber agrees to allow Spectrum and our agents the right (A) to install hardware in, (B) send software downloads to, and (C) install, access configure, maintain, inspect or upgrade Subscriber Purchased Devices, Conveyed Devices, or any other Subscriber-provided equipment to the extent necessary to provide Service.
Subscriber warrants that Subscriber is either the owner of such equipment or that Subscriber has the authority to give Spectrum access to it.
11.
Taxes/Fees: Subscriber agrees to pay any local, state or federal taxes and fees imposed or levied on or with respect to the Services, the Equipment, Wiring, Subscriber Purchased Devices, Conveyed Devices, or installation or service charges incurred with respect to the same (including franchise fees).
With respect to fees and taxes, including franchise fees, imposed by applicable government and regulatory authorities, Spectrum will review the amount it collects in such fees and taxes on a quarterly and annual basis.
In the event Spectrum determines that it has collected any fees and/or taxes in excess of sums due to governmental and regulatory authorities, Spectrum will begin refunding such excess fees and taxes to current subscribers within 15 months of the end of each calendar year.
Please be aware that, by law in some cases, Subscriber may be billed for taxes and fees that relate to time periods before Subscriber began receiving Services.
However, by law, Spectrum will not bill Subscriber for these fees more than 4 years after the year they were incurred by Spectrum.
Franchise fees resulting from an audit by the applicable franchising authority are incurred at the time those fees are assessed.
12.
Care of Spectrum Property and Service: Subscriber agrees that neither Subscriber nor any other person (except Spectrum's authorized personnel) will: (A) open, tamper with, service, or make any alterations to the Equipment or Wiring.
nor (B) remove or relocate any Equipment or Wiring from the service address of initial installation.
Any alteration, tampering, removal, or the use of Equipment or Wiring which permits the receipt of Services without authorization or the receipt of Services to an unauthorized number of outlets, or to unauthorized locations, constitutes theft of Service and is prohibited.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon receipt of a request by Subscriber, Spectrum shall relocate the Equipment for Subscriber within Subscriber's home at a time mutually agreed to by Spectrum and Subscriber.
Subscriber may incur a charge for such relocation and should consult a current Spectrum schedule of rates and charges prior to requesting such relocation.
If the Subscriber moves residences outside of Spectrum's service area, Subscriber shall notify Spectrum that these General Terms shall be terminated and the provisions of Section 17 shall apply to such termination.
13.
Access to Subscriber Premises: Subscriber authorizes Spectrum and its employees, agents, contractors and representatives to access and otherwise enter the Subscriber's premises to install, inspect, maintain and/or repair the Equipment or Wiring and, upon the termination of Service, to remove the Equipment from the premises.
Spectrum's failure to remove its Equipment shall not be deemed abandonment thereof.
If the installation and maintenance of Service are requested at premises that, in Spectrum's sole discretion, are or may become hazardous or dangerous to our employees, the public or property, Spectrum may refuse to install and maintain such Service.
14.
Acknowledgments and Consent Regarding Recording of Communications and Contact Rights: a.
Recording of Communications.
Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that all communications between Subscriber and Spectrum may be recorded or monitored by Spectrum for quality assurance or other purposes subject to applicable law.
b.
Consent to Phone Calls and other Means of Communication.
Spectrum may call or text Subscriber or authorize others to call or text Subscriber on its behalf including but not limited to at any number Subscriber provides to Spectrum (or that Spectrum issues to Subscriber) for any purpose, including marketing Spectrum's services.
Subscriber may not revoke Subscriber's consent to receive collection-related communications or any other non-marketing communication/notice pertaining to Subscriber's Service account (e.g., default, service message, etc.), including via calls, messages, texts, or any other means.
If Subscriber's numbers are included on state or federal "do not call" lists, Spectrum will not call or text Subscriber for marketing purposes.
Subscriber is responsible for charges for incoming text messages on Subscriber's wireless phone(s).
c.
Robo-Calls.
Spectrum (or persons acting on Spectrum's behalf) may use automated dialing systems or artificial or recorded voices to contact Subscriber or leave Subscriber messages if the call goes to voicemail.
d.
Other Notices.
Subscriber authorizes Spectrum to provide other notices to Subscriber using any method Spectrum determines appropriate, including by electronic means (for example, email or online posting).
e.
Other Consents.
Spectrum may ask Subscriber to provide other consents or authorizations, including by electronic means, email or Subscriber's equipment (for instance, using Subscriber's remote control to purchase a VOD movie, to request information regarding an advertiser's products or to "opt in" to a consumer study), and Spectrum is entitled to assume that any consent or authorization Spectrum receives through the Services or from Subscriber's location has been authorized by Subscriber.
f.
Email Address for Notice.
Upon Spectrum's request, Subscriber will provide Spectrum with a current email address that Subscriber regularly checks so that Spectrum may provide notices and communications to Subscriber at that address.
Spectrum's right to contact Subscriber as described in this Section survives the termination of these Terms of Service.
Subscriber's Right to Opt Out of Certain Robo-Calls.
If Subscriber does not wish to receive marketing calls, messages, or texts from Spectrum via automated dialing systems or pre-recorded messages on Subscriber's cellular phone, Subscriber may visit our websites to manage communication preferences.
Subscriber understands that these straightforward procedures are the exclusive ways to opt-out of such calls.
Subscriber also agrees to allow Spectrum sixty (60) business days to honor Subscriber's request, and further agrees that Spectrum will not be liable for any calls or texts to Subscriber in the interim.
Subscriber understands that Spectrum will continue to use automated dialing systems or pre-recorded messages on Subscriber's cellular phone or landline to communicate non-marketing billing notifications, service notifications, appointment confirmations, and account status updates.
15.
Secure Connection Requirements.
Without abrogating or otherwise limiting Subscriber's separate obligations to secure Subscriber's account and equipment under the Terms of Service, Spectrum shall have the right to implement reasonable measures necessary to track, manage, and/or ensure the security of its network facilities, the video, phone, and/or Internet signals Spectrum transmits or receives, and the connection between any device or application used by Subscriber, members of Subscriber's household, Subscriber's guests, or any third parties and Spectrum's Equipment, system, or other network facilities (whether by physical, WiFi, wireless, software, or other means of connection), including without limitation authentication, access security, or other processes and means.
Without limiting any other rights Spectrum may have under the Terms of Service, Spectrum shall have the right to suspend, freeze, or otherwise cease Service or network access in the event and to the extent necessary to address any network or security concern that may arise with regard to activity on or through, conditions arising from or caused by the use, availability of, or access enabled at or through Subscriber's Service, Service location, equipment, or account.
16.
Assignment or Transfer: These General Terms and the Services and/or Equipment supplied by Spectrum are not assignable or otherwise transferable by Subscriber, without specific written authorization from Spectrum.
17.
Termination and Expiration: a.
Termination by Subscriber: Unless otherwise terminated, these General Terms shall automatically renew on a month-to-month basis.
Subscriber acknowledges that upon such renewal all pricing is subject to change.
To terminate any recurring Service, Subscribers must call 855-757-7328, or provide a hardcopy written notice of termination to Spectrum delivered to 2 Digital Place, Floor 4, Simpsonville, SC 29681, and in any event, any such Subscriber-requested termination shall not be effective before the date Spectrum receives such request.
b.
Termination for Bankruptcy: Spectrum shall have the right to terminate these General Terms immediately in the event that Subscriber makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or a voluntary or involuntary petition is filed by or against Subscriber under any law having for its purpose the adjudication of Subscriber as a bankrupt or the reorganization of Subscriber.
c.
Termination for Breach: In the event of any breach of the Terms of Service by Subscriber, the failure of Subscriber to abide by the rates, rules and regulations of Spectrum, the failure of Subscriber to provide and maintain accurate registration information, or any illegal activity by the Subscriber using any Service, these Terms of Service may, at Spectrum's option, be terminated and the Equipment removed.
Failure of Spectrum to remove such Equipment shall not be deemed abandonment thereof.
Subscriber shall pay reasonable collection and/or attorney's fees to Spectrum in the event that Spectrum shall, in its discretion, find it necessary to enforce collection or to preserve and protect its rights under these General Terms.
Spectrum may terminate these Terms of Service or Spectrum may reject an application or block access to or use of any component of any Service for any reason including, but not limited to, if: I.
Subscriber violated these General Terms as to this or another Spectrum account.
II.
The information required in the application process is or becomes incorrect, absent or incomplete.
III.
Subscriber threatened or harassed any Spectrum employee, agent, contractor or representative (e.g., by abusive language, physical threats, etc.).
IV.
Subscriber's credit card issuer refuses a charge or any other payment method fails to compensate Spectrum.
V.
There is a violation of the Terms of Service or other agreements with respect to any Service, as determined in the sole discretion of Spectrum.
or VI.
The amount of technical support required to be provided to Subscriber is excessive as determined in the sole discretion of Spectrum.
Subscriber further agrees that in the event of termination pursuant to subsections (b) or (c), Spectrum shall have no liability to Subscriber.
d.
Obligations Upon Termination: The Subscriber agrees that upon termination of the Terms of Service: I.
Subject to Section 1 of the Residential Cable Services Agreement, if applicable, Subscriber will pay Spectrum in full for Subscriber's use of the Equipment and the Services, as applicable, up to the later of the effective date of termination of the Terms of Service, the date on which the Service has been disconnected, or the date on which the Equipment is returned to Spectrum..
II.
Subscriber will promptly return all Equipment to Spectrum.
In the event that Subscriber fails to return any Equipment within ten (10) days of the termination of the Terms of Service in addition to Equipment charges contemplated hereunder, Subscriber shall be liable to Spectrum in accordance with Spectrum's then current schedule of charges for non-returned Equipment.
e.
Renewal after Cancellation or Termination: Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that in the event of renewal after cancellation or termination of a Service, Subscriber shall be subject to the pricing, warranties, and Terms of Service as are effective at the time of such renewal.
18.
Spectrum's Right to Pursue Remedies and Subscriber's Indemnification Obligations.
If Subscriber breaches the Terms of Service, Spectrum has the right to seek compensation from Subscriber for such breach through arbitration or, if Subscriber has opted out of these General Terms' arbitration provision or we are seeking an order requiring you to do or refrain from doing something, in court.
Additionally, if any person or entity brings a claim against Spectrum that arises out of Subscriber's relationship with Spectrum, the Services provided to Subscriber, the Terms of Service, or Subscriber's breach thereof or failure to comply therewith, Subscriber will indemnify, defend (at Spectrum's exclusive election), and release Spectrum from and against liability and reimburse Spectrum for any losses that Spectrum may incur, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, resulting from such claim.
Subscriber's responsibilities under this Section cover any dispute, whether arising under contract, tort (for example, a negligence or product liability claim), violation of law or regulation or any other legal theory.
19.
Security Deposit: Any security deposit required of Subscriber for the Equipment or Spectrum's Service will be due and payable upon the first monthly billing.
Such security deposits will be returned to Subscriber within sixty (60) days of termination of Spectrum's Service so long as payment has been made for all amounts due on Subscriber's account and Subscriber has returned the Equipment undamaged.
If Spectrum is holding a deposit on Subscriber's account, Spectrum has the right to apply the deposited amount against any outstanding balance or shortfall in payments.
20.
Advance Payment: Advance payment may be required under certain circumstances including without limitation when specific Service offer conditions require it, Subscribers are unable or unwilling to provide information to establish credit worthiness or have an unsatisfactory credit rating.
The advance payment will be equal to the applicable installation charge and one month of recurring charges, excluding taxes, fees and surcharges.
The advance payment will appear as a credit and be applied to the first monthly bill.
Spectrum reserves the right to refuse Service if the Subscriber fails to fulfill standard credit requirements.
After Service has been established, the Subscriber will be responsible for the payment of all applicable charges, including taxes, fees and surcharges to avoid discontinuance of Service.
21.
Content and Services: All Services are subject to change in accordance with applicable law.
22.
Rates: All rates are subject to change in accordance with applicable law.
23.
Late Fee: If Subscriber's account is 30 days past due, Subscriber may be charged an applicable late fee in addition to Subscriber's past due balance at Spectrum's then current rate.
If Subscriber's account thereafter remains unpaid, Subscriber's Services may be suspended or disconnected.
Subscriber can avoid incurring late fees by paying Subscriber's monthly bill promptly.
Any late fees assessed are not considered interest credit service charges, finance charges or penalties.
Spectrum expects that Subscriber will pay for Services on a timely basis.
Spectrum does not extend credit to customers, except to the limited extent Subscriber is purchasing Subscriber Purchased Devices from Spectrum under an installment plan agreement.
24.
Disclaimer: Spectrum assumes no liability for any program, services, content or information distributed on or through the Services and Spectrum expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for Subscriber's use thereof.
Further, Spectrum shall not be responsible for any products, merchandise or prizes promoted or purchased through the use of the Services.
25.
Right to Make Credit Inquiries: Subscriber authorizes Spectrum to make inquiries and to receive information about Subscriber's credit experiences, including Subscriber's credit report, from others, to enter this information in Subscriber's file, and to disclose this information concerning Subscriber to appropriate third parties for reasonable business purposes.
26.
Spectrum's Reservation of Rights: Spectrum reserves the right to refuse, suspend or terminate Service to any person at any time for any reason not prohibited by law.
When practical, Spectrum will provide notice that is reasonable under the circumstances before suspending or terminating Service to an existing Subscriber, and Spectrum will provide any prior notice of suspension or termination that is required by law.
27.
Indemnification: In requesting and accepting Spectrum Services, Subscriber agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold Spectrum, including its officers, directors, employees, affiliates, subsidiaries, and authorized agents (individually and collectively, "Spectrum Indemnitees") harmless from and against any and all demands, claims, suits, judgments, expenses (including without limitation reasonable attorney or witness fees), loss, damages to, or destruction of personal, real, or intellectual property, bodily injury or death of any person, and other liabilities arising from: a.
The installation, operation, provision, or other use of Spectrum Services and/or Equipment.
b.
Any violation of Spectrum's Terms of Service, Acceptable Use Policy, or other published policies or requirements.
c.
The negligence, willful misconduct, violation of a third party's rights, or failure to comply with applicable law by (i) Subscriber, (ii) members of Subscriber's household, or (iii) Subscriber's guests, or (iv) any other person using the Services provided to Subscriber.
d.
Libel or slander resulting from any use of the Services by (i) Subscriber, (ii) members of Subscriber's household, (iii) Subscriber's guests, or (iv) any other person using the Services provided to Subscriber.
e.
Infringement or misappropriation of any patent, copyright, trademark, trade name, service mark, trade secret, or other intellectual property rights (whether by transmission or material or otherwise) by (i) Subscriber, (ii) members of Subscriber's household, (iii) Subscriber's guests, or (iv) any other person using the Services provided to Subscriber, including that effected through combination of Subscriber's use of the respective Service(s) with facilities, equipment, or services provided or used by Subscriber or obtained from third parties.
f.
Any unauthorized, unlawful, or fraudulent use of or access to the Services, except as otherwise provided by applicable law.
and g.
Any infringement or invasion of the right of privacy of any person or persons, caused or claimed to have been caused, directly or indirectly, by the installation, operation, failure to operate, maintenance, removal, presence, condition, or use of the 911 or E-911 service features and the equipment associated therewith, or by the use of any Voice Services furnished by Spectrum in connection with the 911 or E-911 service, including but not limited to, the telephone number, address or name associated with the telephone used by persons accessing 911 or E-911 service thereunder, and/or that which arises out of the negligence or other wrongful act of (i) Subscriber, (ii) members of Subscriber's household, (iii) Subscriber's guests, or (ii) any other person using the Services provided to Subscriber.
The foregoing defense and indemnity obligations exclude damages to the extent caused by the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Spectrum Indemnitees.
Subscriber agrees that Spectrum Indemnitees are not liable for any damages or liability resulting from the loss of Services (whether Internet, Cable, Voice, or other Services), nor will Subscriber make any claims or undertake any actions against Spectrum Indemnitees for loss of Service.
Subscriber shall be solely responsible for any damage to or loss of Spectrum Equipment, unless such damage or loss is caused solely by the negligence or willful misconduct of Spectrum Indemnitees.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.
THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION APPLY TO ANY ACTS, OMISSIONS AND NEGLIGENCE OF SPECTRUM AND ITS THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, AGENTS AND SUPPLIERS (AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS OR REPRESENTATIVES).
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL SPECTRUM BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE OR ANY ACTS OR OMISSIONS ASSOCIATED THEREWITH, INCLUDING ANY ACTS OR OMISSIONS BY THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS OR ANY MANUFACTURER OF SUBSCRIBER PURCHASED DEVICES OR CONVEYED DEVICES, AGENTS OR SUBCONTRACTORS OF SPECTRUM, OR RELATING TO ANY SERVICES FURNISHED, WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED ON BREACH OF WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSES OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES OR WHETHER ANY OTHER REMEDY PROVIDED HEREIN FAILS.
SPECTRUM'S ENTIRE LIABILITY AND CUSTOMER'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR ANY BREACH BY SPECTRUM OF ANY OBLIGATION SPECTRUM MAY HAVE UNDER THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR APPLICABLE LAW, SHALL BE CUSTOMER'S ABILITY TO TERMINATE THE SERVICE OR TO OBTAIN THE REPLACEMENT OR REPAIR OF ANY DEFECTIVE EQUIPMENT PROVIDED BY SPECTRUM.
IN NO EVENT SHALL SPECTRUM'S LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER FOR ANY CLAIM ARISING OUT OF THESE GENERAL TERMS EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID BY CUSTOMER DURING THE PRECEDING THIRTY (30) DAY PERIOD.
SUBSCRIBER ALSO AGREES THAT IT SHALL NOT BE PERMITTED TO BRING ANY CLAIM WHATSOEVER AGAINST SPECTRUM THAT RESULTS IN WHOLE OR IN PART FROM SUBSCRIBER'S FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE GENERAL TERMS.
THIS SECTION SHALL SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THESE GENERAL TERMS.
28.
Privacy Policy.
Spectrum will provide Subscriber with a copy of its customer privacy policy at the time Spectrum provides Service to Subscriber, and annually afterwards, or as otherwise required by law.
Subscriber can view the most current version of our privacy notice by going to "www.spectrum.com, and then "Your Privacy Rights." Subscriber assumes sole responsibility for all privacy, security and other risks associated with providing personally identifiable information to third parties via the Service.
To the extent that Spectrum is expressly required to do so by applicable law, Spectrum will provide notice to Subscriber of a breach of the security of certain personally identifiable information about Subscriber.
Subscriber agrees that Spectrum may collect and disclose information concerning Subscriber and Subscriber's use of Service in the manner and for the purposes set forth herein and in Spectrum's privacy policy.
In order to protect the privacy of Subscriber's account information, Spectrum may require that Subscriber use a security code or other method, in addition to the user name and password, to confirm Subscriber's identity when requesting or otherwise accessing account information or making changes to Subscriber's Service through Spectrum's customer service representatives.
Subscriber may also choose to designate an authorized user of Subscriber's account (an "Authorized User"), who will be able to access Subscriber's account information and make changes to Subscriber's account.
Once established, an Authorized User may be required to authenticate his/her identity in the same manner according to Spectrum's policies.
29.
ARBITRATION.
The following provisions are important with respect to the agreement between Subscriber and Spectrum regarding Spectrum's Services memorialized by these General Terms.
PLEASE READ THEM CAREFULLY TO ENSURE THAT SUBSCRIBER UNDERSTANDS EACH PROVISION.
These General Terms require the use of arbitration to resolve disputes and otherwise limits the remedies available to Subscriber in the event of a dispute.
Subject to the "Exclusions" paragraph below, Spectrum and Subscriber agree to arbitrate disputes and claims arising out of or relating to these General Terms, the Services, the Equipment, or marketing of the Services Subscriber has received from Spectrum.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may bring an individual action on any matter or subject in small claims court.
THESE GENERAL TERMS MEMORIALIZE A TRANSACTION IN INTERSTATE COMMERCE.THE FEDERAL ARBITRATION ACT GOVERNS THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THESE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS.
A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other a written notice of intent to arbitrate, entitled "Notice of Intent to Arbitrate" ("Notice").
The Notice to Spectrum should be addressed to: VP and Associate General Counsel, Litigation, Charter Communications, 12405 Powerscourt Drive, St.
Louis, MO 63131 ("Arbitration Notice Address").
The Notice must: (1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute.
and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought.
If we do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, Subscriber or Spectrum may commence an arbitration proceeding, in which all issues are for the arbitrator to decide (including the scope of the arbitration clause), but the arbitrator shall be bound by the terms of these General Terms.
The arbitration shall be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by these General Terms, and the arbitration shall be administered by the AAA.
The AAA Rules and fee information are available at "www.adr.org," by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by writing to the Arbitration Notice Address.
SPECTRUM SHALL BEAR THE COST OF ANY ARBITRATION FILING FEES AND ARBITRATOR'S FEES FOR CLAIMS OF UP TO $75,000.
SUBSCRIBER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL OTHER ADDITIONAL COSTS THAT SUBSCRIBER INCURS IN THE ARBITRATION INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ATTORNEYS FEES OR EXPERT WITNESS COSTS UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED OF SPECTRUM UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
If the arbitrator's award exceeds $75,000, either party may appeal such award to a three-arbitrator panel administered by the AAA and selected according to the AAA Rules, by filing a written notice of appeal within 30 days after the date of entry of the arbitration award.
The appealing party must provide the other party with a copy of such appeal concurrently with its submission of the appeals notice to AAA.
The three-arbitrator panel must issue its decision within 120 days of the date of the appealing party's notice of appeal.
The decision of the three-arbitrator panel shall be final and binding, except for any appellate right which may exist under the Federal Arbitration Act.
The parties may agree that arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of the documents submitted to the arbitrator, via a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by AAA rules.
SUBSCRIBER AGREES THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT, SUBSCRIBER AND SPECTRUM ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JUDGE OR JURY Unless Spectrum and Subscriber agree otherwise in writing, all hearings conducted as part of the arbitration shall take place in the county (or parish) of Subscriber's billing address.
The arbitrator may award injunctive relief only in favor of the party seeking relief, only to the extent sought, and only to the extent necessary to provide the specific relief warranted by such individual's claim.
The parties agree that the arbitrator must give effect to the terms of these General Terms.
SUBSCRIBER AND SPECTRUM AGREE THAT CLAIMS MAY ONLY BE BROUGHT IN SUBSCRIBER'S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT ON BEHALF OF, OR AS PART OF, A CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING Furthermore, unless both Subscriber and Spectrum agree otherwise in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate proceedings or more than one person's claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of representative or class proceeding.
If this specific paragraph is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of these arbitration provisions shall be null and void and rendered of no further effect with respect to the specific claim at issue.
Right to Opt Out.
If Subscriber does not wish to be bound by these arbitration provisions, Subscriber must notify Spectrum in writing within 30 days of (a) the date that this arbitration provision becomes effective, if Subscriber is an existing customer, or (b) the date that Subscriber first subscribes to the Service(s).
Subscriber may opt out by mail to the Arbitration Notice Address.
Subscriber's written notification to Spectrum must include Subscriber's name, address, and Spectrum account number as well as a clear statement that Subscriber does not wish to resolve disputes with Spectrum through arbitration.
Subscriber's decision to opt out of this arbitration provision will have no adverse effect on Subscriber's relationship with Spectrum or the delivery of Services to Subscriber by Spectrum.
Severability.
If any clause within these arbitration provisions is found to be illegal or unenforceable, that specific clause will be severed from these arbitration provisions, and the remainder of the arbitration provisions will be given full force and effect.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY, IN THE EVENT SOME OR ALL OF THESE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS IS DETERMINED TO BE UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, OR IF A CLAIM IS BROUGHT THAT IS FOUND BY A COURT TO BE EXCLUDED FROM THE SCOPE OF THESE ARBITRATION PROVISIONS, BOTH PARTIES AGREE TO WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, ANY TRIAL BY JURY.
For purposes of the foregoing sentence only, in the event such waiver is found to be unenforceable, it shall be severed from these General Terms, rendered null and void and of no further effect without affecting the rest of the arbitration provisions set forth herein.
EXCLUSIONS.
SUBSCRIBER AND SPECTRUM AGREE THAT THE FOLLOWING CLAIMS OR DISPUTES SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ARBITRATION: (1) ANY INDIVIDUAL ACTION BROUGHT BY SUBSCRIBER OR BY SPECTRUM ON ANY MATTER OR SUBJECT THAT IS WITHIN THE JURISDICTION OF A COURT THAT IS LIMITED TO ADJUDICATING SMALL CLAIMS.
(2) ANY DISPUTE OVER THE VALIDITY OF ANY PARTY'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
(3) ANY DISPUTE RELATED TO OR ARISING FROM ALLEGATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH UNAUTHORIZED USE OR RECEIPT OF SERVICE.
For New York Video Subscribers.
Subscriber may elect to resolve a dispute through the New York Public Service Commission in accordance with 16 NYCRR §890.709(a) and 16 NYCRR §709(c).
The foregoing arbitration provisions shall survive the termination of these General Terms.
SUBSCRIBER HAS ONE YEAR TO BRING A CLAIM AGAINST SPECTRUM, UNLESS SUBSCRIBER OPTS OUT.
Subscriber must bring any claim against Spectrum within one (1) year after the date on which the claim arose or, unless applicable law provides that the normal statute of limitations for that claim may not be shortened by agreement.
If Subscriber does not bring a claim within this period, Subscriber waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all rights Subscriber has to such claim and Spectrum will have no liability with respect to such claim.
Subscriber may opt out of this Section, in which case the normal statute of limitations will apply.
To opt out, Subscriber must notify Spectrum in writing by sending a letter to Spectrum addressed to VP and Associate General Counsel, Litigation, Charter Communications, 12405 Powerscourt Drive, St.
Louis, MO 63131, within 30 days of (a) the date that this provision becomes effective, if Subscriber is an existing customer, or (b) the date that Subscriber first subscribes to the Service(s).
Subscriber's written notice must include Subscriber's name, address, and Spectrum account number as well as a clear statement that Subscriber does not wish this Section to apply.
This Section shall survive the termination of these General Terms.
30.
Force Majeure: Spectrum shall not be liable for any failure of performance or equipment of any kind (including Spectrum Equipment) due to causes beyond its control, including but not limited to: acts of God, fire, flood, or other catastrophes.
loss of electrical power.
any law, order, regulation, direction, action, or request of the United States Government, or of any other government, including state and local governments having or claiming jurisdiction over Spectrum, or of any department agency, commission, bureau, corporation, or other instrumentality of any one or more of these federal, state, or local governments, or of any civil or military authority.
national emergencies.
insurrection.
riots, wars.
unavailability of rights-of-way or materials.
or strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages, or other labor difficulties.
31.
Survival of Terms.
In addition to the terms that are specifically noted in these General Terms as surviving termination of these General Terms, all representations, warranties, indemnifications, and limitations of liability shall survive these General Terms.
Spectrum's right to contact Subscriber shall also survive these General Terms unless Subscriber opts out in the manner described in these General Terms.
All other obligations of Subscriber and Spectrum under these General Terms also survive termination if they relate to the period before termination or, if by their terms, they would be expected to survive such termination.
32.
Entire Agreement: These General Terms (including the Terms of Service incorporated herein by reference) constitute the entire agreement between the Subscriber and Spectrum.
No undertaking, representation or warranty made by an agent or representative of Spectrum in connection with the sale, installation, maintenance or removal of Spectrum's Services or Equipment shall be binding on Spectrum except as expressly included herein.
Subscriber agrees that, if any portion of these General Terms is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion will be construed consistent with applicable law as nearly as possible, and if severed or rendered null and void thereby, the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
If Spectrum fails to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these General Terms, it does not thereby waive any provision or right.
Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of these General Terms.
<p>Spectrum Internet Acceptable Use Policy</p> In order to provide high quality customer service and to ensure the integrity, security, and reliability of the Internet Network of Charter Communications Operating LLC and its respective affiliates and subsidiaries providing services ("Spectrum"), Spectrum has created this Acceptable Use Policy (AUP).
This AUP applies along with the Terms and Conditions of Service governing the Subscriber''s use of Spectrum''s Internet and related services (collectively, the "Terms of Service"), Spectrum''s Privacy Policy and Spectrum''s Network Management Practices Statement, to specify use restrictions and requirements applicable to users of the Service.
The Subscriber recognizes and agrees that the then current version of the AUP to be maintained by Spectrum and posted on Spectrum''s website will supersede all previous versions of this document and that Subscriber''s continued use of Spectrum''s Internet service will constitute Subscriber''s acceptance of this policy as it may be amended.
By using the Service, the Subscriber agrees to abide by, and require each user of the Service to abide by, the terms of this AUP and associated Terms of Service.
Any user who does not agree to be bound by these terms must immediately cease use of the Service and notify the Spectrum Customer Service Department to terminate the account.
1.
Use.
The Service is designed for personal and family use (residential use only) within a single household.
Subscriber agrees that only Subscriber and Subscriber''s authorized guests in the same household will use the Service.
Subscriber is responsible for any misuse of the Service that occurs through Subscriber''s account, whether by a member of Subscriber''s household or an authorized or unauthorized third-party.
Subscriber will not use, or enable others to use, the Service to operate any type of business or commercial enterprise, including, but not limited to, IP address translation or similar facilities intended to provide additional access.
Subscriber will not resell or redistribute, or enable others to resell or redistribute, access to the Service in any manner, including, but not limited to, through the use of wireless technology.
Spectrum reserves the right at its sole discretion to immediately suspend, terminate, or restrict use of the Service without notice if such use violates the AUP or the Terms of Service, is objectionable or unlawful, or interferes with Spectrum''s systems, or Internet Network, the Internet, or others'' use of the Service.
2.
Prohibited Activities Using the System, Network, and Service.
Any activity or use of the Service which violates system or network security or integrity are prohibited and may result in criminal and civil liability.
Such violations include, without limitation, the following: a.
Unauthorized access to or use of data, systems, or networks, including any attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network.
b.
Unauthorized monitoring of data or traffic on any network or system without express authorization of the owner or network.
c.
Interference with Internet service to any user, host, or network, including but not limited to: mail bombing, flooding, or denial of service attacks.
d.
Forging the header of any transmitted information packet, email, or Usenet posting.
e.
Modifying or tampering with any hardware, software, or configuration provided by Spectrum including but not limited to: routers, switches, and cable modem configuration files.
f.
Reselling or otherwise redistributing the Service.
g.
Disrupting, degrading or otherwise adversely affecting Spectrum''s network or computer equipment owned by Spectrum or other Spectrum subscribers.
h.
Transmit unsolicited bulk or commercial messages commonly known as "spam." i.
Assuming or assigning a Spectrum IP address that was not allocated to the user by Spectrum or its network - all Spectrum Internet users must use DHCP assigned by the Service to acquire an IP address.
j.
Either of the following activities by a Subscriber using dedicated machines (also known as "machines" or "dedicated servers") or virtual dedicated servers (also known as "VDS", "VPS", "virtual machines", and/or "virtual servers"): (i) running a tunnel or proxy to a server at another host or (ii) hosting, storing, proxy, or use of a network testing utility or denial of service (DoS/DDoS) tool in any capacity.
k.
Because the Service is for residential use only, any use of the service for non-residential purposes is not permitted and may result in reduction in service, suspension, or termination at the sole discretion of Spectrum.
Non-residential purposes include, without limitation, the following: l.
Running any type of server on the system that is not consistent with personal, residential use.
This includes but is not limited to FTP, IRC, SMTP, POP, HTTP, SOCS, SQUID, NTP, DNS or any multi-user forums.
m.
Distributing in any way information, software or other material obtained through the service or otherwise that is protected by copyright or other proprietary right, without obtaining any required permission of the owner.
n.
IP address translation or similar facilities intended to provide additional access.
3.
No Illegal or Fraudulent Use.
The Service may be used only for lawful purposes.
Subscriber will not use or allow others to use the service in any manner that is in violation of any applicable federal, state, local or international laws or regulations or to promote, engage in, or enable illegal activity or conduct that violates or infringes upon the rights of any person.
Transmission or distribution of any material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is prohibited.
This includes, without limitation, material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property right used without proper authorization, and material that is obscene, illegal, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates export control laws.
Furthermore, use of the Service to impersonate a person or entity is not permitted.
4.
Security/Abuse of Resources.
User is solely responsible for the security of any device connected to the Service, including any data stored on that device.
Users shall take all necessary steps to avoid actions that result in the abuse of a resource on their network.
Examples of abuse of resources include without limitation: open news servers, open SMTP servers, unsecure wireless routers, and unsecure proxy servers.
In the instance when the Subscriber is using a wireless router, Spectrum requires that any wireless network be secure and encrypted.
Open, unencrypted wireless networks are strictly prohibited.
Should an issue arise, Subscriber is required to address the problem in a timely fashion.
Failure to address an issue after notification will be considered a violation of this AUP.
5.
Network Management.
Spectrum uses a variety of reasonable network management tools and practices consistent with industry standards.
In the event the periods of congestion necessitate such management, Spectrum has available the following tools and practices (without limitation and as may be adjusted over time): (i) Subscriber Traffic Management (STM) technology to temporarily lower the priority of traffic with the greatest impact on peak congestion.
(ii) spam filtering and detection techniques.
and (iii) measures to protect the security and integrity of its network, resources and subscribers (e.g., IP reputation services from multiple sources to deny mail relay to suspect IPs of Charter IP space, real-time IP block lists to determine whether to accept a connection to inbound mail servers, port security techniques such as encryption and authentication, and email server- to-server traffic monitoring).
In limited instances if employed, these techniques may affect the throughput rate at which subscribers may send and receive data, the ability of users to establish session connections within the network, or result in the delay of certain traffic during times of peak congestion.
For more information about Spectrum''s network management practices and policies, please see the Spectrum Network Management Practices Statement.
6.
Viruses.
Users must take appropriate action to prevent their systems from becoming infected with and/or distributing computer viruses such as but not limited to worms, "Trojan horses", denial of service attacks, and bots.
Spectrum will take appropriate (as decided by Spectrum''s sole discretion) action against Users infected with computer viruses or worms to prevent further spread.
7.
Enforcement.
Spectrum reserves the right to investigate violations of this AUP, including the gathering of information from the Subscriber or other Users involved and the complaining party, if any, and the examination of material on Spectrum''s servers and network.
Spectrum prefers to advise Users of AUP violations and any necessary corrective action but, if Spectrum, in its sole discretion, determines that a User has violated the AUP, Spectrum will take any responsive action that is deemed appropriate without prior notification.
Such action includes but is not limited to: temporary suspension of service, reduction of service resources, and termination of service.
Spectrum is not liable for any such responsive action and these actions are not exclusive.
Spectrum may take any other legal or technical action it deems appropriate.
8.
No Waiver.
The failure by Spectrum or its affiliates to enforce any provision of this Policy at any given point in time shall not be construed as a waiver of any right to do so at any future time thereafter.
9.Revisions to Policy.
Spectrum reserves the right to update or modify this Policy at any time and from time to time with or without prior notice.
Continued use of the Service will be deemed acknowledgment and acceptance of this Policy.
Notice of modifications to this Policy may be given by posting such changes on Spectrum''s website at www.spectrum.com, under "Terms of Service/Policies," by email or by conventional mail, and will be effective immediately upon posting or sending.
Subscribers should regularly visit Spectrum''s website and review this Policy to ensure that their activities conform to the most recent version.
In the event of a conflict between any subscriber agreement and this Policy, the terms of this Policy will govern.
Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to AUPQuestions@charter.com.
Complaints of violations of it by Charter Subscribers can be directed to abuse@charter.net.
<p>Spectrum Residential Cable Services Agreement</p> THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE GOVERNING YOUR USE OF SPECTRUM CABLE SERVICE INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION SET FORTH IN THE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE, WHICH INCLUDES A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTIONS AND PROVISIONS FOR OPTING OUT OF ARBITRATION.
Charter Communications Operating, LLC on behalf of itself and its affiliates and subsidiaries authorized to provide the services set forth herein ("Spectrum") will provide its Cable TV service (the "Cable Service") to You ("Subscriber") in accordance with these terms and conditions, which terms and conditions incorporate and include the General Terms and Conditions for Service and the Spectrum Communications Privacy Policy, as they may be changed from time to time (collectively, the "Terms of Service").
Subscriber's use of the Cable Service shall be deemed acknowledgment that Subscriber has read and agreed to the Terms of Service.
Any user who does not agree to be bound by these terms should immediately stop their use of Spectrum's Cable Service and notify Spectrum's Customer Service at 888-438-2427 to terminate the account.
Terms that are initially capitalized but not defined, will have the defined meaning given to them in the other documents referenced above.
The Terms of Service constitute a legal binding document.
Spectrum regularly updates and amends these Terms of Service.
Subscriber should consult Spectrum's website www.spectrum.com to be sure Subscriber remains in compliance.
1.
Disruption of Cable Service: In no event shall Spectrum be liable for any failure or interruption of program transmissions or Cable Service resulting in part or entirely from circumstances beyond Spectrum's reasonable control (including without limitation, any interruption or degradation of Cable Service arising from Subscriber's interference, modification or tampering with the Cable Service of digital receiver connection).
Subject to requirements under applicable law, credit may be given for qualifying outages.
2.
Copying, Reproduction, and Distribution of Programs: Subscriber agrees that Subscriber shall use the programs, Cable Service, and other services provided by Spectrum solely for Subscriber's personal, non-commercial use and will not copy, reproduce, or otherwise redistribute such programs, Cable Service, or other services except in compliance with applicable law.
3.
Additional Spectrum Rights: a.
Spectrum has no obligation to monitor content or services accessible by means of Spectrum's cable system or the digital receiver.
however, Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that Spectrum has the right to monitor content electronically from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law or regulation, to operate its programming and data information services properly, or to protect itself or its Subscribers.
b.
Spectrum shall have the right to determine in its sole discretion what constitutes an "inappropriate" or "commercial use" of Spectrum's systems, Equipment, or Cable Service.
4.
Term: Spectrum Cable Service shall continue until such time as terminated by Subscriber, which shall be effective upon notice, or terminated by Spectrum for breach (including nonpayment) of the Terms of Service or otherwise terminated by Spectrum in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions for Services.
5.
Additional Features, Functionality and Tools: Any additional service features, functionality and tools that Spectrum offers may be further subject to specific terms of use and subject to charges, change, or removal at any time by Spectrum.
6.
Spectrum TV Application: a.
Download and/or use of the Spectrum TV application ("Spectrum TV App") to access and use the Cable Service and any other services is subject to the following additional terms and conditions that you accept (in other words, make legally binding) upon downloading the Spectrum TV App, including the following: • You must be a Spectrum subscriber in good standing.
• You may only use the Spectrum TV App for personal, non-commercial use, limited to a private viewing for you and your invitees (specifically excluding any public presentation [e.g., in a dorm lounge] and any presentation by or in a place of public accommodation or other commercial establishment [e.g.
a bar or restaurant], even if no fee is charged.
• You may not share your access to the Spectrum TV App with any third parties, other than household members and household guests.
and • You must secure your home wireless network (e.g., password-protect).
• You will use the download only to run the Spectrum TV App on a device that you own or control.
• You may not examine or manipulate the software code underlying the Spectrum TV App and you have no rights in that code.
b.
We may, at any time and without notice, modify or discontinue all or part of the Spectrum TV App, its content, related charges or fees required to use the Spectrum TV App, and we may offer special opportunities to some or all Spectrum TV App users, subject to applicable law.
c.
You are permitted to use the Spectrum TV App only to request and view the content that we provide for this purpose and that you are entitled to access ("STVA Content"), and you may not circumvent or otherwise interfere with any authentication or access restrictions that we have implemented with respect to the Spectrum TV App or STVA Content.
You may not copy, publicly perform or retransmit the STVA Content.
d.
Without limitation, the following restrictions also apply to your use of the SPECTRUM TV App: 1.
You shall not distribute or make the Spectrum TV App available over a network where it could be used by unauthorized parties or otherwise downloaded/distributed to any device without our knowledge or authorization.
2.
You shall not: (i) publish, display, disclose, rent, lease, modify, loan, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Spectrum TV App, or any part thereof.
(ii) reverse engineer, decompile, translate, adapt, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Spectrum TV App to human readable form.
(iii) attempt to create the source code from the object code for Spectrum TV App.
(iv) transmit the Spectrum TV App over any network or between any unauthorized devices.
(v) make or convert any third party software contained in the Spectrum TV App into a stand-alone product.
(vi) take any action that will infringe upon or misappropriate the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of Spectrum, its affiliates, or any third party.
or (vii) sublicense, rent, lease, or assign the Spectrum TV App.
You may transfer the Spectrum TV App to other devices you own or license or that are under your lawful control as long as you only use it on only devices authorized by us.
3.
You shall not remove any proprietary notices, marks, or labels on the Spectrum TV App.
4.
You shall not export, import, or re-export the Spectrum TV App in violation of any applicable law, rule, or regulation of any jurisdiction.
5.
You will only use the Spectrum TV App in a manner that complies with all applicable laws in the jurisdictions in which you use the Spectrum TV App, including but not limited to applicable restrictions concerning copyright and other intellectual property rights.
6.
You shall not use the Spectrum TV App in an attempt to circumvent or in conjunction with any device, program, or service designed to circumvent, technological measures employed to control access to, use of, or the rights in, a content file, service, or other work protected by the copyright laws of any jurisdiction.
7.
You are solely responsible for securing any WiFi connectivity/access to your Internet service by means of a password or other reliable means.
As such you are solely responsible for any conduct undertaken by means of access to our Internet services (including without limitation the Spectrum TV App) by any party, whether or not such access is initiated by a member of your household, a user authorized by you, or other person through any WiFi access/connectivity, and any loss, damage, or other liability arising therefrom.
e.
Spectrum shall have no obligation to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to the Spectrum TV App or the STVA Content.
f.
Customer Experience Improvement: By downloading, installing, and using the Spectrum TV App, you understand and consent to allow us to collect information that allows us to improve the quality of our products and services, and therefore your customer experience.
Specifically, by such election, you consent to our collection of information through the use of additional software which is downloaded to your device within the Spectrum TV App.
This additional software captures the following pertaining to your use of Spectrum TV App and other applications on your device: 1.
Application(s) running history and data usage 2.
Identity (network and/or manufacturer identifier) of your device (as may be available) 3.
If location services are enabled on your device, the application will provide us the approximate or precise location of your Device (as may be available).
we store location data in an aggregated manner to use for network planning and performance improvement.
If you do not want the application to gather your location, you can disable location services in your mobile device (which affects all applications), disable location services for the Spectrum TV App in your device if disabling location for a specific application is enabled by your Device operating system or uninstall the Spectrum TV App.
The list of third party modems that are authorized for use on Spectrum's network can be found at https://www.spectrum.net/support/internet/compliant-modems-charter-network/.
Subscriber acknowledges that modems purchased from a third party may not have the capability of delivering the purchased Internet Service speed or have the capability of rendering Internet Service without interruption or degradation.
Monthly charges for Internet Service will not be reduced or otherwise discounted if the Subscriber elects to use a third party modem.
4.
Wi-Fi and cellular network information, such as your mobile operator, ISP, and IP address 5.
Data usage on Wi-Fi, cellular, and respective network performance information such as throughput, latency, and signal strength.
g.
Username and Password: If you do not already have a Spectrum username and password, you will need to register for a Spectrum user account by visiting www.charter.net/login.
We reserve the right to reject any username or password you request in our sole discretion.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any username or password we provide to you, and you agree not to transfer such password or username, or lend or otherwise transfer your right to use or access the Spectrum TV App, to any third party.
You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your username or password or any other breach of security related to your account, your username or the Spectrum TV App.
If someone else acquires this information (through no fault of ours), we may assume that you have authorized that person's use of the information.
h.
Suspension or Termination of Rights: We may suspend, restrict or terminate your access to or use of the Spectrum TV App at any time and for any reason (including if we believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of any of the Terms of Service, or if we believe that your Spectrum username, password, or home network has been accessed by a third party).
The rights granted to you to use the Spectrum TV App and the STVA Content will terminate immediately upon the expiration or termination of the Terms of Service, or upon your breach of any of the Terms of Service.
We reserve the right to take any steps that we believe are necessary or appropriate to enforce and/or verify your compliance with the Terms of Service.
i.
SPECTRUM MAKES NO AND HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE SPECTRUM TV APP INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATIONS WARRANTIES OF TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, AND NONINFRINGEMENT, WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OTHER CLAIMS, LOSSES, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES, COSTS OR EXPENSES ATTRIBUTABLE TO ANY FAILURE OF THE SPECTRUM TV APP TO CONFORM TO ANY WARRANTY.
IN THE EVENT OF ANY CLAIMS BY YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY RELATING TO THE SPECTRUM TV APP, OR TO YOUR POSSESSION OR USE OF THE SPECTRUM TV APP, YOU AGREE THAT NEITHER SPECTRUM NOR YOUR DEVICE MANUFACTURER SHALL ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE INVESTIGATION, DEFENSE, SETTLEMENT AND DISCHARGE OF SUCH CLAIMS, INCLUDING (I) PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS.
(II) ANY CLAIM THAT THE SPECTRUM TV APP FAILS TO CONFORM TO ANY APPLICABLE LEGAL OR REGULATORY REQUIREMENT.
(III) CLAIMS ARISING UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION OR SIMILAR LEGISLATION.
AND (IV) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY CLAIMS.
j.
By accessing, downloading or using the SPECTRUM TV App, you represent and warrant that you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S.
Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S.
Government as a "terrorist supporting" country, and that you are not listed on any U.S.
Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
k.
If a court or similar body determines that a portion of these Terms of Service is invalid or unenforceable, the remaining Terms of Service shall stand, and the invalid or unenforceable portion should be interpreted as closely as possible (consistent with the law in your area) so as to reflect the intention of the original.
Except with our consent, you may not transfer or assign to any other person (in other words, make another person legally responsible for) the rights granted by or your obligation to comply with these Terms of Service.
l.
These Terms and Conditions are not intended to benefit (in other words, to create any rights or obligations for) anyone other than you and us.
Upon your acceptance of these terms, we will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these terms against you as a third party beneficiary of these Terms and Conditions.
7.
Programming: a.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Cable Service, including but not limited to all programming, program services, program packages, number of channels, channel allocations, broadcast channels, interactive services, data offerings and other services are subject to change in accordance with applicable law.
Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that it has no right to receive, and Spectrum has no obligation to provide, any particular programming service or channel as part of the Cable Service and that Subscriber is not entering into this agreement or purchasing the Cable Service in reliance on an expectation or promise (explicit or implicit) that any particular programming service or set of programming services shall be included as part of the Cable Service.
b.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, for the avoidance of doubt, and without limiting or abrogating any other rights Spectrum may have under the General Terms and Conditions for Service, in the event particular programming becomes unavailable, either on a temporary or permanent basis, due to a dispute between Spectrum and a third party programmer, Spectrum shall not be liable for compensation, damages (including compensatory, direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential losses or damages), credits or refunds of fees for the missing or omitted programming.
Subscriber's sole recourse in such an event shall be termination of the Cable Service in accordance with the General Terms and Conditions for Service.
The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to programming to which a Subscriber subscribes on an a la carte basis (i.e., channels that are not part of a package or tier).
8.
Disclaimer: Spectrum assumes no liability for any program, services or information distributed over the cable system and/or Spectrum's digital receiver unless locally produced by Spectrum.
Spectrum shall not be responsible for any products, merchandise or prizes promoted on or purchased through the use of the cable system or Spectrum's digital receiver, unless such products, merchandise or prizes are provided directly by Spectrum.
9.
Parental Control: A Parental Control feature is available to prevent children from watching certain programming.
Subscriber may place channels under Parental Control by blocking out a channel number and/or program rating on the digital receiver.
The starter kit manual provided with the Cable Service includes instructions on how to implement and monitor the Parental Control features.
Should Subscriber deactivate the Parental Control feature, even for one channel or event, this will deactivate the Parental Control feature for all other channels that were previously locked out.
Subscriber will then have to reactivate the Parental Control to again block out the desired channels.
It is recommended that Subscriber occasionally verify that the Parental Control feature is activated and operational.
10.
Prohibited Uses and Activities: The Subscriber shall not use Spectrum's Equipment, or the Cable Service for illegal or inappropriate activities or otherwise engage in any illegal or inappropriate activities in their course of dealings with Spectrum, including but not limited to: a.
Invading another person's privacy.
unlawfully using, possessing, posting, transmitting or disseminating obscene, profane or pornographic material.
posting, transmitting, distributing or disseminating content which is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, libelous, slanderous, defamatory or otherwise offensive or objectionable.
b.
Redistributing or retransmitting the Cable Service, or any portion thereof, or transmitting or distributing the Cable Service, or any portion thereof, to persons outside the service location on Subscriber's account.
c.
Modifying, disrupting, unauthorized relocation of or tampering with Spectrum's Equipment, including but not limited to, tampering with the seal on the digital receiver, the access card or any of Spectrum's services.
d.
Connecting or attaching equipment to the Cable Service with the intended purpose to distribute the Cable Service in an unauthorized manner.
e.
Restricting, inhibiting or otherwise interfering with the ability of any other Spectrum subscriber to use or enjoy any Spectrum service, the Cable Service, or the Internet.
f.
Reselling the Spectrum Service or services.
g.
Conducting a pyramid or other illegal soliciting scheme.
h.
Impersonating any person or entity or forging anyone else's digital or manual signature.
or i.
Harassing, threatening, or otherwise verbally abusing Spectrum employees or its agents.
Engaging in one or more of these activities may result in termination of Subscriber's Cable Service.
This Section 10 shall not in any way limit Spectrum rights of termination pursuant to any other provision of the Terms of Service.
11.
License Requirements: Subscriber agrees to comply with all end user license requirements relative to any of the services which Subscriber accesses pursuant to the Terms of Service.
Subscriber may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, modify, create derivative works of, or in any way derive any source code from the Cable Service, or any portion thereof including Spectrum software or third party software made available through or in connection with the Cable Service.
Subscriber agrees not to remove, alter, or obscure any product identification, proprietary, copyright, or other intellectual property notices contained or embedded within or on the Cable Service.
12.
Limitation of Liability: Any information sent by the Subscriber utilizing the functions of Spectrum Equipment or any Subscriber-owned device is sent at the Subscriber's sole risk, and Spectrum shall have no liability whatsoever for any claims, losses, actions, damages, suits or proceedings arising out of or otherwise relating to such actions by the Subscriber.
Without limitation of the foregoing, Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that Spectrum shall not be liable for any use of Subscriber's information provided to third parties in connection with Subscriber's use of the Cable Services or other third party services or functions available through the Cable Service.
Spectrum shall not be liable or responsible for any errors, losses, or interruptions in connection with Subscriber's use of the Cable Service, and any features or functionalities thereof, including but not limited to intermittent service, erroneous deletions, failed or misdirected recordings, and inability to schedule recordings.
13.
Security: a.
Subscriber is responsible for any misuse of Spectrum's Equipment, the Cable Service, or any third party services to which Subscriber has subscribed, even if the inappropriate activity was committed by a friend, family member, guest, employee or Subscriber with access to Subscriber's account.
Therefore, Subscriber must take steps to ensure that others do not gain unauthorized access to Spectrum's Equipment, Cable Service or third party services.
For example, Subscriber must secure any wireless home network used in connection with the Cable Service by requiring passwords or similar means of restricting access to such network.
b.
Subscriber agrees to maintain the security and confidentiality of Subscriber's usernames and passwords or similar credentials that enable Subscriber to access the Cable Service.
Subscriber further agrees not to disclose such credentials to any third party.
Without limitation of the foregoing, Subscriber agrees that Subscriber shall not disclose such credentials to third parties to enable them to access the Cable Service or programming that may be made available to Subscriber outside the home.
c.
The Equipment, Cable Service or third party services may not be used to breach the security of another Spectrum subscriber or to attempt to gain access to any other person's computer, software or data, without the knowledge and consent of such person.
They also may not be used in any attempt to circumvent the user authentication or security of any host, network, or account.
Use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security is prohibited.
14.
Closed Captioning: Subscriber may obtain information regarding closed captioning issues by calling or visiting our local Spectrum store.
15.
Third Party Services: In addition to providing video programming and video-related services, and interactive television services, Spectrum's digital receiver, Spectrum TV App, any Device (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of Residential Service), or other devices may enable the Subscriber to engage in e-commerce, procure a third party's services, or products.
Subscriber acknowledges that any such purchase, use of, or interaction with such third party services and products by Subscriber or Subscriber Group (as defined in the General Terms and Conditions of Residential Service) may be subject to third party terms, conditions, and charges (i.e.
charges may be incurred as a result of accessing certain information or purchasing or subscribing to third party offerings when using these functions).
All such charges, including applicable taxes, and compliance with any third party terms, conditions, or agreements shall be the sole responsibility of Subscriber and are not the responsibility of Spectrum.
16.
Choice of Law: This Policy shall be exclusively governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York.
17.
Privacy Statement: Spectrum Privacy Policy provides a detailed outline of Spectrum's privacy policies and how they affect Subscriber's use of Spectrum's Equipment and Cable Service.
18.
Entire Agreement: The Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between the Subscriber and Spectrum for the Cable Service.
No undertaking, representation or warranty made by any agent or representative of Spectrum in connection with the sale, installation, maintenance or removal of the Cable Service or Spectrum Equipment shall be binding on Spectrum except as expressly included herein.
19.
Amendment: Spectrum may, in its sole discretion, change, modify, add or remove portions of the Terms of Service at any time.
Spectrum may notify Subscriber of any such changes to the Terms of Service by posting notice of such changes on Spectrum's website at www.spectrum.com, under "Terms of Service/Policies," using the features of the Spectrum digital receiver, or sending notice via bill statement, text, e-mail, postal mail, or other reasonable means.
The Subscriber's continued use of the Cable Service following notice of such change, modification or amendment shall be deemed to be the Subscriber's acceptance of any such modification.
If Subscriber does not agree to any modification of the Terms of Service, Subscriber must immediately cease using Spectrum Equipment and the Cable Service and notify Spectrum that Subscriber is terminating its Cable Service in accordance with the Terms of Service.
<p>Spectrum Residential Internet Services Agreement</p> THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE GOVERNING YOUR USE OF SPECTRUM INTERNET SERVICE INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION IN THE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SPECTRUM RESIDENTIAL SERVICES, WHICH INCLUDES A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTIONS AND PROVISIONS FOR OPTING OUT OF ARBITRATION.
Charter Communications Operating, LLC on behalf of itself and its affiliates and subsidiaries authorized to provide the services set forth herein ("Spectrum") will provide its Internet access service (the "Internet Service") to You ("Subscriber") in accordance with these terms and conditions, which terms and conditions incorporate and include the Acceptable Use Policy ("AUP"), the General Terms and Conditions for Spectrum Residential Services and the Spectrum Privacy Policy, as they may be changed from time to time (collectively, the "Terms of Service"), all of which may be found at www.spectrum.com/policies/terms-of-service.html, under "Terms of Service/Policies" and "Your Privacy Rights." Subscriber's use of the Internet Service shall be deemed acknowledgment that Subscriber has read and agreed to the Terms of Service.
Any user who does not agree to be bound by the Terms of Service should immediately stop their use of the Internet Service and notify Spectrum's Customer Service at 888-438-2427 to terminate the Internet Service.
Terms that are initially capitalized but not defined, will have the defined meaning given to them in the other documents referenced above.
The Terms of Service constitute a legal binding document.
Spectrum regularly updates and amends these Terms of Service.
Subscriber should consult Spectrum's website at www.spectrum.com/policies/terms-of-service.html to be sure Subscriber remains in compliance.
1.
Equipment: To use the Internet Service, Subscriber must meet minimum computer, device, in-home network and system requirements as identified by Spectrum.
a.
Computer Equipment: The personal computer or device that Subscriber uses to access the Internet Service must meet minimum configuration standards.
The minimum configuration standards may change, and Spectrum will make reasonable efforts to support previously acceptable configurations.
however, Spectrum is not obligated to continue to provide such support.
Spectrum may supply equipment such as modems, gateways, routers, or wireless cards, at no charge or for a one time or reoccurring fees, to operate the Internet Service.
Subscriber acknowledges that such equipment may require updates and/or changes to the software resident in the equipment, and that Subscriber may be required to perform such updates and/or changes.
Notwithstanding, Subscriber hereby authorizes Spectrum to perform updates and/or changes, on-site or remotely from time to time as Spectrum deems necessary, in Spectrum's sole discretion.
b.
Spectrum does not provide technical assistance for third party hardware or software, including but not limited to home networks or gaming systems.
Any questions concerning third party hardware or software should be directed to the manufacturer of that product.
Spectrum is not responsible for the operation or support, maintenance or repair of any equipment, software or services that Subscriber elects to use in connection with the Internet Service.
c.
Subscriber will not connect any equipment, other than equipment authorized by Spectrum, to any cable modem outlet or port.
Subscriber understands that failure to comply with this restriction may cause damage to the Spectrum network and subject Subscriber to liability for damages and/or criminal prosecution.
Subscriber may not alter, modify or tamper with the Equipment or the Internet Service, or permit any other person, not authorized by Spectrum, to do the same.
2.
Network Interface: When Spectrum installs the Internet Service, Subscriber will need a network interface card or adapter providing an Ethernet connection.
Alternatively, subscriber may connect to a home networking device (commonly referred to as a router or gateway).
3.
Cable Modem/Other Spectrum Equipment: Subscriber may obtain a cable modem from Spectrum or may purchase and use a cable modem purchased at retail from a third party, provided that such third party modem has been tested, certified and approved by Spectrum in accordance with our DOCSIS Modem Policy at 4.
Software: At the time of installation of the Internet Service, Spectrum may provide Subscriber with common Spectrum or third party software (e.g., a browser and plug-ins) to enable and enhance the Internet Service.
Spectrum does not support third party software.
Any and all software provided by Spectrum is the property of Spectrum and/or its suppliers and licensors.
Spectrum hereby grants Subscriber a nonexclusive, nontransferable license to install and use on Subscriber's computers, devices, and/or system(s) the software for use solely in connection with the Internet Service.
Subscriber's license to use any software provided by Spectrum and its suppliers and licensors is contingent upon Subscriber's compliance with all use and other restrictions contained in the Terms of Service and the AUP.
It is a material breach for Subscriber to copy, duplicate, reverse engineer or in any way modify, change, tamper with or interfere with any software provided to Subscriber by Spectrum.
Upon any termination or expiration of the Terms of Service or the disconnection of Subscriber's Internet Service, this license will terminate and Subscriber agrees to then destroy all copies of the software that were delivered to Subscriber (including by erasing and deleting the software from Subscriber's computer system).
Subscriber hereby represents and warrants to Spectrum that Subscriber owns the operating system software and associated use/license rights thereto for the computers that are connected to the Spectrum network.
5.
Security: Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that when using the Internet Service to access the Internet or any other online network or service, there are certain risks that may enable other Internet users to gain access to or use of Subscriber's equipment.
Subscriber is responsible for taking and should take all appropriate security measures when using the Internet Service.
Subscriber assumes sole responsibility for Subscriber's equipment used in conjunction with the Internet Service and for providing and configuring any "firewall" or security measures for use with the Internet Service to prevent damage from viruses, malware, or other similar malicious items and to prevent unauthorized access to the Internet Service, and Subscriber, not Spectrum, shall be solely responsible in any manner for the effectiveness of these blocking and filtering technologies.
Spectrum does not warrant that others will be unable to gain access to Subscriber's computer(s) and/or data even if Subscriber utilizes blocking and filtering technologies, nor does Spectrum warrant that the data or files will be free from computer viruses or other harmful components.
Spectrum has no responsibility and assumes no liability for the protections Subscriber may employ nor for any damages that may arise from accessing the Internet.
Subscriber shall not permit or enable any use of Subscriber's account or account passwords by any person not a member of Subscriber's household.
Subscriber is responsible for any misuse of the Internet Service that occurs through Subscriber's account whether by a member of Subscriber's household or unauthorized third party.
6.
Additional Features, Functionality and Tools: Any additional service features, functionality and tools that Spectrum offers may be further subject to specific terms of use and subject to charges, change, or removal at any time by Spectrum.
7.
Cookies: Subscriber may access Subscriber's Spectrum e-mail account and support website at spectrum.net, provided that Subscriber's browser is configured to accept cookies from www.spectrum.net.
8.
Monitoring the Internet Service and Privacy: Spectrum takes the protection of our Subscribers' privacy seriously.
Spectrum has no obligation to monitor content.
however, Subscriber agrees that Spectrum has the right to monitor the Internet Service (including but not limited to, content and Subscriber equipment as it may affect the Internet Service from time to time) in accordance with the Terms of Service, the AUP, and Spectrum's Privacy Policy.
For content residing on Spectrum's servers, Spectrum reserves the right at all times and without notice to remove, restrict access to, or make unavailable, and to monitor, review, retain and/or disclose any content or other information in Spectrum's possession about or related to Subscriber, Subscriber's use of the Internet Service or otherwise as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, or otherwise to preserve the security of the System or Spectrum subscribers' information.
For more information on Spectrum's approach to Subscriber's privacy, please refer to the Spectrum Residential Subscriber Privacy Policy.
9.
Rights Infringement: Subscriber will not use, or allow others to use, the Internet Service to send or receive, or otherwise use any information which infringes the patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or proprietary rights of any other person or entity.
This includes, but is not limited to, digitization of music, movies, photographs or other copyrighted materials or software.
Subscriber must obtain appropriate authorization from such other person or entity prior to sending, receiving or using such materials.
Subscriber represents and warrants that Subscriber is and will be the author and copyright owner and/or an authorized licensee with respect to any hosted content, and Subscriber further represents and warrants that no hosted content violates or will violate the trademark, copyright, domain name or intellectual property rights of any third party.
Spectrum assumes no responsibility, and Subscriber assumes all risks regarding the determination of whether material is in the public domain, or may otherwise be used for such purposes.
Spectrum is registered Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA).
Under the DMCA, copyright owners have the right to notify Spectrum if they believe that a Spectrum customer has infringed the copyright owner's work(s).
If Spectrum receives a notice from a copyright owner alleging that Subscriber has committed copyright infringement, Spectrum will notify Subscriber of the alleged infringement.
Spectrum may determine that Subscriber is a repeat copyright infringer if Spectrum learns that Subscriber has engaged in online copyright infringement on more than one occasion.
Spectrum reserves the right to suspend or terminate the accounts of repeat copyright infringers.
10.
Termination: Spectrum shall have the right to terminate the Internet Service upon any violation of the Terms of Service.
Spectrum will not be responsible for the return of data stored on Spectrum's servers, such as web and e-mail servers if Subscriber's account is suspended or terminated.
11.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.
a.
No Warranty: Subscriber agrees that Subscriber uses the Internet Service and any software and equipment supplied by Spectrum at Subscriber's sole risk.
The Internet Service and Spectrum equipment are provided on an "as-is basis", if applicable, without warranties of any kind including without limitation any warranties of title, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose and merchantability.
Spectrum does not warrant uninterrupted use of Internet Service.
Spectrum does not warrant that the Internet Service will be error-free or free of any viruses, worms, spam, pop-up advertising, spyware, adware, denial of service attacks or other harmful components, even if countermeasures have been deployed.
Spectrum does not warrant that any data or files Subscriber sends or receives via the Internet Service will be transmitted in uncorrupted form, within a reasonable time, or free from unauthorized access by others or that other users will be unable to gain access to Subscriber's computer.
This includes, but is not limited to, incidents of file sharing, print sharing, or use of other means that enable Internet users to gain access to Subscriber's equipment or to monitor Subscriber's activity and conduct while using the Internet Service.
b.
Anti-Spam Software: Subscriber acknowledges and understands that Spectrum utilizes anti-spam software and that such security technology is a feature of the Internet Service that may block incoming and outgoing electronic mail.
Spectrum does not warrant that such feature will block all unwanted mail/spam or that all mail that is blocked constitutes unwanted mail/ spam.
Consistent with other statements set forth in this section, Spectrum does not warrant that such feature will be error-free.
c.
Security Software: In addition, in its sole discretion, Spectrum may make available to Subscriber security software, such as anti-virus software, firewall software, "pop-up" advertising blocking software, parental control software, and anti-spyware or anti-adware software for Subscriber's use on Subscriber's computer system in conjunction with the Internet Service.
Any such security software provided by Spectrum to Subscriber is intended to provide only a minimal level of protection to Subscriber's computer system(s).
Subscriber understands and agrees that Spectrum and its third party suppliers of any such security software do not guarantee its accuracy, efficacy or performance.
Subscriber understands and agrees that Spectrum and its third party suppliers are not responsible for any damage to Subscriber's computer system(s) or the information stored on it that may result from the security software or its non-performance.
d.
Third Party Sites: When Subscriber uses the Internet Service and/or accesses Spectrum web sites, Subscriber may encounter links allowing Subscriber to visit web sites operated or owned by third parties ("Third Party Site(s)").
Spectrum provides these links as a convenience and they are not under the control or ownership of Spectrum.
The presence of a link to any Third Party Site is not an endorsement by Spectrum of the Third Party Site, an acknowledgment of any affiliation with its operators or owners, or a warranty of any type regarding any information or offer on the Third Party Site.
Subscriber's use of any third party site is governed by the various legal agreements and policies posted at that web site.
e.
Bandwidth.
i.
Subscriber understands and agrees that Spectrum does not guarantee that any particular amount of bandwidth on the Spectrum network or that any speed or throughput of Subscriber's connection to the Spectrum network will be available to Subscriber.
Subscriber understands and agrees that the speed of the Internet Service provided at Subscriber's site will vary depending upon a number of factors, including Subscriber's computer system(s) and associated equipment (e.g., Subscriber-sourced WiFi routers/access points, etc.), Internet traffic, and other factors such as system capacity limitations, governmental actions, events beyond Spectrum's control, and system failures, modifications, upgrades and repairs.
Subscriber understands that Subscriber's wireless connections and use of wireless routers may be subject to greater fluctuations in speed and latency and may be adversely affected by interference, congestion, distance, and other outside factors.
ii.
Subscriber understands that Spectrum may use various tools and techniques in order to efficiently manage its networks and to ensure compliance with Spectrum's AUP.
Subscriber should reference Spectrum's AUP for additional details.
iii.
Subscriber further understands and agrees that, to allocate bandwidth across all of its users, Spectrum may employ reasonable network management techniques as identified in Spectrum's AUP and Spectrum's Network Management Disclosure Statement.
iv.
Subscriber's sole and exclusive remedies under the Terms of Service are as set forth in these Terms of Service.
Because some States do not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties, some of the above exclusions may not apply to Subscriber.
12.
Limitation of Liability/Exclusive Remedy: Spectrum's entire liability and Subscriber's exclusive remedy with respect to the use of the Internet Service or its software and equipment, or any breach by Spectrum of any obligation Spectrum may have under these Terms of Service, shall be Subscriber's ability to terminate the Internet Service or to obtain the replacement or repair of any defective software or equipment provided by Spectrum to Subscriber.
In addition, Spectrum shall not be liable for damages for failure to furnish, or the degradation or interruption of, any services, for any lost data or content, identify theft, for any TV, monitor or screen burn-in, monitor or screen wear, stuck pixels, phosphor burn, files or software damage, regardless of cause.
Spectrum shall not be liable for damage to property or for injury to any person arising from the installation, maintenance or removal of equipment, software, wiring or the provision of the Internet Service.
13.
Mailbox Deactivation: Subscriber agrees that Spectrum owns any and all mailboxes associated with the Internet Service and may reclaim such mailboxes at any time for any reason, after which any associated mailbox content (e.g., emails, attachments, etc.) will be destroyed.
Spectrum may also limit the number of new email addresses available per account.
Spectrum may also limit the number of emails that can be sent within a specific time period, and if Subscriber does not access a Spectrum mailbox for an extended period of time as determined by Spectrum from time to time, Spectrum may lock the mailbox and prohibit the mailbox from receiving new email messages and/or reclaim the mailbox, including any sub-accounts associated with the mailbox.
Subscriber understands that upon disconnecting from Spectrum's Internet service, Spectrum will suspend the account and delete the contents of the mailbox, if any, at that time.
14.
Mail Storage: In no event will Spectrum be responsible for maintaining, and Spectrum will not guarantee storage of, such electronic mail for any period of time.
Spectrum also reserves the right to enforce email storage limits.
15.
Network Security and Management: Subscriber agrees that Spectrum may block traffic to and from any source, including, without limitation, the deletion of any electronic mail, as it deems necessary to secure its network and/or eliminate spam.
Spectrum may take other actions, in its sole discretion, to manage or protect its network or to benefit the greatest number of its subscribers as identified in Spectrum's AUP.
Spectrum may take these actions, with or without notice, in situations where Spectrum believes, in its sole discretion that Subscriber may harm the Spectrum network or disrupt the performance of the Internet Service for other users or where Subscriber is transmitting or is otherwise connected with what Spectrum considers in its sole discretion to be spam or other malicious code or software.
Subscriber agrees that Spectrum is entitled to damages if Subscriber is transmitting or is otherwise connected with spam or other malicious code or software.
Subscriber agrees Spectrum is entitled to actual damages, however, if actual damages cannot be reasonably calculated, Subscriber agrees to pay Spectrum liquidated damages of five dollars (U.S.
$5.00) for each piece of spam or other malicious code or software transmitted from or otherwise connected with Subscriber's account.
16.
Additional Terms for Spectrum WiFi: Spectrum WiFi supported by the Spectrum-provided wireless router ("Spectrum Router") is a service available to certain subscribers and provides wireless access to the Spectrum Internet Service within the Subscriber's residence ("Home Network") and beyond the Subscriber's residence, for which Subscriber may be charged a fee consistent with Spectrum's then-current practices.
The Spectrum Managed Router comes programmed with certain default settings and configurations for the Home Network.
Subscriber may modify the default settings and configurations on the Spectrum Managed Router although Spectrum recommends maintaining the default configuration and settings.
Spectrum does not guarantee the security of the Spectrum Managed Router and Subscriber's connection to the Internet Service via the Home Network.
Spectrum WiFi accessed beyond the Home Network may be subject to additional terms and conditions imposed by the respective third party whose network the Subscriber may access.
Spectrum is not responsible for the speed or performance of the Internet Service to the extent accessed by Subscriber on a third party network.
Subscriber understands and agrees that Subscriber is solely responsible for the security of their Home Network and must enable and use encryption in order to access Spectrum-provided applications.
Spectrum reserves the right to preconfigure the Spectrum Managed Router to distribute a wireless Internet access point (i.e.
a Spectrum WiFi Hotspot) separate from the Home Network.
Any use of bandwidth from such wireless access point by third parties will not be considered to be use by the Subscriber for any purpose.
Subscriber shall have the right to disable such Spectrum WiFi Hotspot, and shall not be responsible for the security of the WiFi Hotspot.
The Spectrum Managed Router will collect and maintain certain information regarding access to and use of the Home Network, which information shall include but not be limited to device identifiers, device name, device type, applications and protocols, connections, and traffic flows.
Such information will be used by Spectrum to provide the Internet Service and support, as well as for Spectrum's internal business analytics regarding the use of the Internet Service.
Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that Spectrum shall have access to the network name and password associated with the Spectrum Managed Router in order to provide support and diagnostic services.
Spectrum reserves the right to modify the network name and password for the Spectrum Managed Router in order to safeguard Internet security, the security and privacy of Subscriber's information, where required by law, and/or for other good cause to provide, upgrade and maintain the Internet Service, and protect the network, other users of the Internet, or our subscribers.
Subscriber acknowledges that the Spectrum Managed Router is Spectrum Equipment.
17.
General Subscriber Responsibilities and Warranties: When Subscriber completes registration for the Internet Service, Subscriber must establish an identity by selecting a user name and password to be used by Subscriber to access the Internet Service.
Subscriber is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their user name and password.
Subscriber agrees that Subscriber is responsible for anyone using Subscriber's computer system, password or name or user name in connection with the Internet Service and for ensuring that anyone who does use the Internet Service through Subscriber's computer or access to the Internet Service, does so in accordance with the Terms of Service and the AUP.
Subscriber agrees to take all reasonable measures necessary to ensure that the Internet Service is not used by another without Subscriber's consent.
18.
Subscriber shall be responsible for procuring and installing patches, any and all anti-virus and firewall software/ hardware and operating system patches, up-dates, or supplements that may be necessary for (i) the protection and maximum functionality of Subscriber's computer and related equipment and (ii) the protection of Spectrum's network and other subscribers.
For purposes of clarification, Spectrum hereby disclaims any and all responsibility and liability for any damages that may arise from Subscriber's failure to procure or install the aforementioned security software and /or hardware.
19.
Amendment: Spectrum may, in its sole discretion, change, modify, add or remove portions of the Terms of Service at any time.
Spectrum may notify Subscriber of any such changes by posting notice of such changes on Spectrum's website at www.spectrum.com/policies/terms-of-service.html, under "Terms of Service/Policies", or sending notice via electronic mail or U.S.
postal mail.
The Subscriber's continued use of the Internet Service following notice of such change, modification or amendment shall be deemed to be the Subscriber's acceptance of any such modification.
If Subscriber does not agree to any modification of the Terms of Service, Subscriber must immediately cease using the Internet Service and notify Spectrum that Subscriber is terminating the Internet Service.
In addition, the Terms of Service are subject to change in compliance with applicable law.
20.
Entire Agreement: The Terms of Service shall be posted at www.spectrum.com, under "Terms of Service/Policies," and are the only terms and conditions that govern the Internet Service.
No undertaking, representation or warranty made by any agent or representative of Spectrum in connection with the sale, installation, maintenance or removal of the Internet Service shall modify or amend the Terms of Service.
<p>Spectrum Residential Voice Services Agreement</p> THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE GOVERNING YOUR USE OF SPECTRUM VOICE SERVICE INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION IN THE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SPECTRUM RESIDENTIAL SERVICES, WHICH INCLUDES A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTIONS AND PROVISIONS FOR OPTING OUT OF ARBITRATION.
Charter Communications Operating, LLC., through its voice affiliates, ("Spectrum") is pleased to provide its residential Voice Service to you ("Subscriber") in accordance with these terms and conditions which incorporate and include the General Terms and Conditions for Spectrum Residential Services, the Spectrum Voice Residential Services Price Guide ("Price Guide") and the Spectrum Privacy Policy, as they may be changed from time to time (collectively, "Terms of Service"), all of which may be found at www.spectrum.com, under "Terms of Service/Policies" and "Your Privacy Rights." Subscriber's use of Spectrum Voice™ Service (also, "Voice Service") shall be deemed acknowledgment that Subscriber has read and agreed to the Terms of Service.
Subscriber must activate all Spectrum Voice Services ordered.
Spectrum shall have no liability whatsoever if the subscriber does not activate such Services.
Any user who does not agree to be bound by the Terms of Service should immediately stop their use of the Voice Service and notify Spectrum's Customer Service Department at 1-888-438-2427 to terminate the Voice Service.
Terms that are initially capitalized but not defined, will have the defined meaning given to them in the other documents referenced above.
This agreement (the "Agreement") is a binding legal document that may be amended unilaterally by Spectrum with or without notice to Subscriber.
Spectrum regularly updates and amends these Terms of Service.
Subscriber should consult Spectrum's website www.spectrum.com to be sure Subscriber remains in compliance.
1.
Services Provided: Spectrum Voice Service provides unlimited and/or measured calling within the United States and to those countries and US territories described in calling plans identified in the applicable Price Guide, in accordance with these terms and conditions.
Subscribers must reside in an area where Spectrum is authorized to provide Voice Service and where, in Spectrum's sole discretion, it is technically and operationally feasible.
Residential Voice Service is only intended for use by Subscriber, Subscriber's family and guests, and persons residing at Subscriber's residential premises, including persons temporarily subleasing Subscriber's residential premises.
2.
Monthly Service Fee: Subscriber agrees to pay the monthly service charge for Spectrum Voice Service which is comprised of various fees and related taxes and surcharges.
Spectrum reserves the right to increase or decrease any fee for Voice Service offered.
Fees for Spectrum Voice Service shall be posted in the applicable Price Guide at www.spectrum.com, under "Terms of Service/Policies." Spectrum Voice Service will be terminated in the event Subscriber does not pay.
Certain fees for Spectrum Voice Service are based upon periodic studies that analyze the intrastate, interstate and international minutes of all customers purchasing Voice Service.
3.
Voice Service Features: Spectrum Voice Service is offered with the features below.
a.
Calling and Features: Includes local, regional and/or long distance calling within the United States and to those countries and US territories described in calling plans identified in the applicable Price Guide, along with those calling features pertaining to each calling plan.
Feature availability may vary by service area.
A detailed list of features and calling plans may be found in the Price Guide at www.spectrum.com, under "Terms of Service/Policies." Direct dialed calls outside the coverage of any calling plan are available with per-minute charges or with one of Spectrum's International calling plans.
Existing Subscribers who may purchase a plan other than a plan described in this Agreement, can find a description of their plan in the Price Guide.
b.
E-911: Enhanced 911 ("E-911") is a feature of Spectrum Voice Service that allows emergency operators to automatically receive the telephone number and address of the dialing party.
This E-911 feature has certain requirements in order to operate, as well as certain limitations: - i.
IMPORTANT: The emergency service provider handling the E-911 call, and the address the emergency service provider will see, are linked to the service address Spectrum has on file when Subscriber originally signed up for service.
If Subscriber does not correctly identify where Subscriber's voice modem is actually located, or if the voice modem is moved away from the original service address, Subscriber's E-911 calls may be misdirected to the wrong location(s) or to the wrong emergency service provider(s).
Therefore, in order to have E-911 calls routed correctly, Subscriber agrees not to move the voice modem from the service address at which it was installed by Spectrum and acknowledges responsibility to promptly notify Spectrum of any change in service address prior to moving the voice modem.
- ii.
IMPORTANT: Keeping Your Phone Number: Please be aware that during the first 72 hours of arriving at Subscriber's new service address, if Subscriber dials 911 from their Spectrum Voice Service, Subscriber must relay to the emergency service operator the new (current) service address.
This is necessary to ensure emergency services are dispatched to Subscriber's new service address and not the old service address in the event the emergency services operator may not have the new location in their records.
- iii.
Spectrum Voice Service does not have its own power supply.
If there is a power outage, or if there is a disruption to the cable network or facilities, the Voice Service will not work.
Subscriber expressly acknowledges that in such cases it will not be possible to place or receive calls including calls to access emergency 911 services.
- iv.
If Subscriber chooses, Subscriber may separately purchase a battery backup for use with the voice modem by calling Spectrum at 1-888-438-2427.
Each battery backup is designed to provide standby power for the battery life chosen by the Subscriber, and at least 5 hours of "talk" time, during a power outage at Subscriber's residence that is not also a network-related outage.
- v.
In some locations, E-911 service may not yet be available.
Such services are dependent on the equipment and facilities of the local governments in which Spectrum provides Voice Service.
In such cases, regular 911 service will be available and Subscriber will need to convey the location information to the emergency operator.
c.
Number of Lines: Subscribers to Spectrum Voice Service can purchase up to two (2) lines at their service address.
d.
Installation: Spectrum Voice Service offers professional installation and self-installation (not available in all areas).
- i.
Professional installation includes activation of all existing working phone jacks or the installation and activation of one phone jack if there is not currently a working phone jack in Subscriber's residence.
Additional wiring charges may apply if Subscriber requests additional jacks to be installed or activated.
Additional charges may also apply for special construction needed to complete the installation.
Spectrum also provides and installs a voice modem, or Multimedia Terminal Adaptor (MTA), that is used to communicate with our private communications network.
- ii.
Self-installation (not available in all areas) provides the option for the Subscriber to pick-up a voice modem or MTA from a Spectrum retail location or have that equipment shipped to their home.
Upon receipt of the equipment, the Subscriber must follow self-installation instructions provided by Spectrum.
In order to qualify for self-installation the following installation conditions must be met: Subscriber's home's phone system must consist of a base unit with any additional cordless phones supported by the base unit.
Subscriber's alarm, security and fax systems must not be dependent on Spectrum Voice Service.
Subscriber's most recent voice provider was Spectrum, or Subscriber has had active Spectrum services in the last 2 years.
and Subscriber will not need outlets moved or added.
Spectrum does not provide a handset.
Subscriber is responsible for maintaining all inside wire and phones within the home.
Subscriber has the option of Spectrum's Wire Maintenance Insurance that may help avoid costly repair charges.
For a low monthly fee, we can provide repair service for Subscriber's jacks and inside wiring.
(The wiring must meet certified technical standards.) Wire maintenance is included in some bundles.
For more information about Wire Maintenance Insurance, go online to Spectrum's Wire Maintenance plan information at www.spectrum.net/wiremaintenance.
In certain buildings such as multiple dwelling units, Spectrum's technicians may not have access to Subscriber's inside wiring located within the multiple dwelling unit.
In these instances, Spectrum has the right to determine how best to wire Subscriber's residence, subject to additional applicable charges.
e.
International Calling: Spectrum Voice Service offers a per minute calling plan for direct-dialed calls made from Subscriber's residence to locations outside of their calling plan.
If Subscriber chooses to use this service Subscriber will be charged for direct-dial international calls in addition to the flat monthly recurring rate that Subscriber pays for Spectrum Voice Service.
Spectrum Voice Service also offers optional flat rate international calling plans for direct-dialed calls made from Subscriber's residence to locations outside of their calling plan.
If Subscriber chooses an international plan, Subscriber will be charged a flat monthly fee for direct-dial international calls in addition to the monthly recurring rate that Subscriber pays for Voice Service.
After Subscriber's monthly international calling plan minutes are used, unless Subscriber's plan includes unlimited international calling, each additional minute will be charged at a per-minute rate.
For both per-minute international calling and international calling plans, calls are measured in increments of one minute.
All calls which are a fraction of a minute are rounded up to the next whole minute.
Timing on completed calls begins when the call is answered by the called party.
Answering is determined when call signaling provided by the terminating local carrier, and/or any intermediate carrier(s), so indicate.
Timing terminates on all calls when the calling party hangs up or when Spectrum's network receives a termination signal from the terminating local carrier and/or any intermediate carrier(s).
Unused minutes per month do not roll over to the next month.
You may access international rates and information about international calling plans online at www.spectrum.net/rates.
f.
Voice Service Modifications: Spectrum may, from time to time, offer additional Voice Service features or functionality, or discontinue certain Voice Service features or functionality.
Information about these features or functions will be available in the applicable Price Guide at www.Spectrum.com, under "Terms of Service/Policies." These additional Voice Services features or functions may be subject to additional specific terms and conditions, and may be subject to change at any time by Spectrum.
g.
Caller Name: Spectrum Voice Service will associate Subscriber's name on the Spectrum account to the telephone number to be displayed in association with the caller name lookup services ("CNAM") provided as part of the Voice Service for all calls made from any of the Spectrum telephone numbers on the account.
In the event that Subscriber wishes to modify the caller name associated with the CNAM, Subscriber agrees to the following: caller name submission(s) shall not mislead or impersonate any person or company.
caller name submission(s) shall not contain false information and shall accurately represent the name of the person that subscribes to the Voice Service and that is included in directory listings, if any.
caller name submission(s) shall not contain abusive, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, racist or any other language objectionable to any person or entity as determined by Spectrum, in its sole discretion.
and caller name submission(s) shall comply with all relevant laws, rules and regulations.
4.
Voice Service Limitations: a.
Service Outages: The Spectrum Voice Service modem is electrically powered and will not work in a power outage or if the broadband connection is disrupted or not operating.
In the event of power outages, the modem, including all phones and Voice Services connected to or powered by it, will not work.
Power outages will disrupt E-911 service and the use of Spectrum Voice Service as the connection between a home security system and central monitoring services.
To reduce this risk, Subscriber may choose to purchase a battery backup for use in the event of a non-network related outage.
b.
Home Security Systems: Although Spectrum Voice Service will supply a connection that will allow the operation of Subscriber's existing home security system, Spectrum does not guarantee that any such system will be in complete operational order following the installation of the Voice Service.
As such, it is Subscriber's obligation to contact their home security system provider to inform them of Spectrum Voice Service installation, and any change in phone number, and to request a complete operational test of their system immediately following installation of the Voice Service.
In addition, it is Subscriber's responsibility to test their system on a regular basis.
In the event of a power outage or network outage (whether unplanned or maintenance related), Subscriber's Voice Service, including any home security system which uses the Voice Service to connect to central station monitoring, will not function.
As set forth in Section 3(b)(iv) above, Subscriber may separately purchase a battery backup for use with their voice modem in the instance of a non-network related outage.
Like any other communications service provider, we do not represent that our service is fail-safe.
In addition, Spectrum prohibits the use of Spectrum Voice Service as the connection between medical alert systems and a central station monitoring service, and will neither connect to such services nor provide technical support for the connection.
c.
Additional Limitations: - i.
Currently, certain operator-assisted services such as busy line verification and busy line interruption, dial around services (10-10-XXX), pay services (900 and 976 services), and third party billing are not offered with Voice Service.
- ii.
If Subscriber receives Voicemail, Subscriber may be eligible for voice-to-text or voice-to-email ("Readable Voicemail") as part of the Voicemail feature.
As a result of the voice-recognition software used by Spectrum, some processed messages may not be fully transcribed and will appear as incomplete messages.
In such cases, Subscriber may obtain the full message by listening to the Readable Voicemail message.
As a condition of using the voice-to-text or voice-to-email feature, Subscriber consents to allow Spectrum, or its service vendors, to process those voice files and to use voicemail messages, and other data associated with such messages, to enhance and/or improve the feature.
- iii.
Spectrum's obligation to furnish Voice Services is dependent upon its ability to secure and retain, without unreasonable expense, suitable facilities and rights for the construction and maintenance of the necessary facilities and equipment.
Spectrum may limit communications, refuse to provide Voice Services or discontinue Voice Services when necessary because of: (i) the lack of transmission medium, transmission capacity or any other facilities or equipment.
(ii) the lack of available services from, or interconnection with, the services or facilities of service providers.
or (iii) any cause beyond Spectrum's control.
- iv.
Spectrum shall use reasonable efforts to make Voice Services available by the estimated service date.
Spectrum shall not be liable for any damages resulting from delays in meeting the estimated service date due to delays resulting from normal installation procedures.
Such delays shall include, but not be limited to, delays in obtaining right-of-way approvals, delays in actual construction work being done by Spectrum, including its contractors or representatives, and any delays due to any other service provider where Spectrum is relying upon such provider to meet an estimated due date which is beyond Spectrum's control.
- v.
Spectrum offers the use of its facilities for communications between Subscriber and other parties.
Spectrum is not responsible, and shall have no liability, for any communications or miscommunications between Subscriber (including any users) and other parties (including operator-assisted, 911 and E-911 calls).
- vi.
At Spectrum's discretion, facilities of other service providers may be used in establishing connections to points not reached by Spectrum's facilities.
In establishing connections with other providers, Spectrum is not responsible or liable for any action or inaction of other service providers.
d.
Equipment: Spectrum Voice Service requires a voice modem.
Spectrum will supply a voice modem for so long as Subscriber remains a Voice Service Subscriber or until Spectrum changes its Voice Service offering.
Depending on the Spectrum Voice Service plan, there may be a monthly charge for the voice modem.
Upon termination of Spectrum Voice Service for any reason, Subscriber may be asked to return the Spectrum-supplied voice modem within thirty (30) days or Subscriber will be charged an equipment fee equal to the fee charged by Spectrum at the time the voice modem was supplied by Spectrum.
An exception to this return policy is when the modem is also supporting Internet service, in which case Subscriber may continue to use the modem until such time as Internet is no longer provided or Spectrum requests a substitution of the modem.
Equipment and facilities furnished by Spectrum to provide Voice Service (except for inside wiring and inside jacks) are the property of Spectrum.
Telephone numbers assigned to Subscriber by Spectrum are portable and transferable with Subscriber at the same location.
however, Subscriber has no property right in telephone number(s) or any other call number designations associated with the Voice Services, and Spectrum may change such numbers as deemed necessary.
5.
Term: Spectrum Voice Service shall continue until such time as terminated by Subscriber, which shall be effective upon notice, or terminated by Spectrum for breach (including nonpayment) of this Agreement, or otherwise terminated by Spectrum in accordance with the Terms of Service.
6.
Directory Listing: Spectrum Voice Service offers Subscriber a Private Number service as the default, or a directory listing upon request.
Depending on the location and Subscriber's preference, Spectrum Voice Service may include one (1) basic directory listing in an alphabetical white pages directory, or other comparable online directory, containing an alphabetical list of names, telephone numbers and addresses of all telephone customers in a particular geographic area set by the publisher.
The alphabetical list of customer names is for the purpose of informing interested parties of the telephone number and address of listed customers, and special position or arrangement of names may be provided for an additional charge.
Listings shall conform to the publisher's practices with respect to published directories.
Spectrum limits the length of any listing in the directory by the use of abbreviations when, in Spectrum's opinion, the clarity of the listing or the identification of the customer is not impaired by doing so.
The duration of directory listings, when the listings have been published, is the directory period.
The directory period is from the day on which the directory is first distributed to customers to the day the succeeding directory is first distributed to customers.
Spectrum's liability for directory listing errors or omissions is set out in Section 7, "Limitation of Liability." 7.
Limitation of Liability: a.
Spectrum Voice Service is provided "AS IS." THE LIABILITY OF SPECTRUM, OR ITS SERVICE VENDORS, FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF THE FURNISHING OF VOICE SERVICES HEREUNDER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELAYS, ERRORS OR OTHER DEFAULTS, REPRESENTATIONS OR USE OF THE VOICE SERVICES, OR ARISING OUT OF THE FAILURE TO FURNISH THE VOICE SERVICE, INCLUDING E-911/911 SERVICE, WHETHER CAUSED BY ACTS OF COMMISSION OR OMISSION, AND/OR LOSS OF ELECTRICAL POWER, SHALL BE LIMITED TO AN ALLOWANCE PRORATED FOR THE TIME PERIOD OF THE VOICE SERVICE INTERRUPTION.
SPECTRUM, INCLUDING ITS SERVICE VENDORS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE LOSSES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF EARNINGS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES AND PERSONAL INJURIES THAT A SUBSCRIBER, OR SUBSCRIBER'S USERS, MAY SUFFER.
FINALLY, SPECTRUM, AND ITS SERVICE VENDORS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR INTERRUPTIONS IN VOICE SERVICE OR FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES DUE TO THE FAULT OR NEGLIGENCE OF SUBSCRIBER, ANY SUBSCRIBER USER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY OR PERSON(S), OR DUE TO THE FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OF SUBSCRIBER-PROVIDED OR USER-PROVIDED EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES, OR DUE TO THE FAILURE OF SUBSCRIBER TO FULFILL ANY OBLIGATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
b.
Directory Listings.
SPECTRUM'S LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES DUE TO ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN DIRECTORY LISTINGS WILL BE LIMITED TO A ONE-TIME CREDIT EQUAL TO ONE MONTH'S RECURRING MONTHLY FEE FOR THE VOICE SERVICE (NOT INCLUDING ONE TIME CHARGES, MEASURED AND PER-CALL CHARGES AND RELATED TAXES AND FEES).
SUBSCRIBER AGREES TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD SPECTRUM HARMLESS AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES CAUSED OR CLAIMED TO HAVE BEEN CAUSED, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, BY THE PUBLICATION OF A LISTING WHICH SUBSCRIBER HAS REQUESTED TO BE OMITTED FROM THE APPLICABLE WHITE PAGES DIRECTORY, INCLUDING ANY ONLINE DIRECTORY, OR THE DISCLOSING OF SUCH A LISTING TO ANY PERSON (INCLUDING ANY MISTAKE OR ERROR IN SUCH LISTING).
8.
Installation: Charges for installation services and equipment will be charged at the then current rate in effect.
9.
Taxes: Applicable fees, taxes and surcharges, if any, will be added to Subscriber's monthly bill.
For non-Spectrum Pricing Plan packages, applicable fees, taxes and surcharges, will be disclosed on your monthly bill in addition to the Voice Service rate.
For Spectrum Pricing Plans, applicable fees, taxes and surcharges will be included in the monthly rate you pay and disclosed in the Billing Information section of your bill.
10.
Proprietary Rights: Spectrum and/or its service vendors own all rights in and to the Voice Services.
Subscriber has a limited right to use the Voice Service in accordance with these Terms of Voice Service.
However, the Terms of Service do not grant Subscriber (or any user) any rights to, or interests in, patents, copyrights, database rights, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks or service marks (whether registered or unregistered), or any other rights or licensees related to Spectrum Voice Service (including all of its features) or any related documentation.
11.
Prohibited Uses: a.
Non-Residential Use: Spectrum Voice Service may be used as a residential voice service only and may not be used for commercial purposes, including, but not limited to, telemarketing, call center services, medical transcription or facsimile broadcasting.
In addition, auto-dialers and predictive dialers may not be used with Spectrum Voice Service.
Spectrum Voice Service is intended to be used consistent with its intended normal residential use.
For instance, unlimited voice plans are intended to be used for continuous live dialog between Subscriber and a third party.
Certain other activity such as excessive consistent usage, unusual call patterns, and lack of continuous dialog activity may be presumed indicative of use that is inconsistent with normal residential use of the Voice Service in violation of the Terms of Service.
Voice Service may not be used to interfere with or impair Service over any facilities and associated Spectrum equipment, or to impair the privacy of any communications over such facilities and associated Spectrum equipment.
Voice Service may not be used in any way, including by combining Service features, as to change the functionality of the Voice Service or its component features in any manner that is inconsistent with standard residential calling patterns and practices or the Terms of Service.
Such non-standard calling patterns and practices include, but are not limited to, use of 3-Way Calling, Call Forwarding, and/or non-Spectrum equipment that results in unusually high traffic volumes or excessive long distance usage.
Spectrum, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to: (i) reclassify Subscriber's Voice Service from residential to business, and to immediately apply business rates in the event of misuse or excessive use of the Voice Service by Subscriber, including any users of Subscriber's Voice Service.
or (ii) immediately terminate Subscriber's Voice Service for such misuse or excessive use.
b.
Fraud.
Illegality: Spectrum may block calls that are made to certain countries, cities or telephone exchanges, or that use certain authorization codes if, in its sole discretion, Spectrum deems it reasonably necessary to prevent unlawful or fraudulent use of the Voice Service.
Subscriber is responsible for securing Subscriber's telephone equipment, and Spectrum's equipment located at Subscriber's premises, from being used to place fraudulent calls using Spectrum Voice Service provided to Subscriber.
Subscriber is also responsible for any fraudulent or unauthorized use of the Voice Service that occurs through Subscriber's account regardless of who is responsible for such usage.
Subscriber shall be solely responsible for payment of all applicable charges for Voice Service provided by Spectrum and charged to Subscriber's account, even where calls are originated by fraudulent means either from Subscriber's premises or from remote locations.
Spectrum is not liable for any damages or fees, including toll usage charges, Subscriber may incur as a result of unauthorized use of the Voice Service provided to Subscriber.
Unauthorized use of Subscriber's facilities may include, but is not limited to, the placement of calls from Subscriber's premises and the placement of calls through Subscriber's equipment that are transmitted or carried on Spectrum's network.
Misuse of Voice Service could include voice modem hijacking, excessive usage of International calling, 411 directory assistance calls and other per-use charges.
c.
Violations.
In addition, Spectrum reserves the right to discontinue Voice Service when Subscriber or its users is using the Voice Service in violation of law or the provisions of the Terms of Service.
12.
Amendments: Spectrum may, in its sole discretion, change, modify, add or remove portions of this Agreement and any of the Terms of Service at any time.
Spectrum may notify Subscriber of any such changes by posting notice of such changes on Spectrum's website at www.Spectrum.com, under "Terms of Service/Policies," or sending notice via electronic mail or U.S.
postal mail.
Subscriber's continued use of Spectrum Voice Service following such change, modification or amendment shall be deemed to be Subscriber's acceptance of any such modification.
If Subscriber does not agree to any modification of this Agreement, Subscriber must immediately cease using the Voice Service and notify Spectrum that Subscriber is terminating the Voice Service.
In addition, this Agreement is subject to change in compliance with applicable law without notice.
13.
Entire Agreement: This Agreement shall be posted along with the Terms of Service governing Subscribers' use of Spectrum Voice Service at www.Spectrum.com, under "Terms of Service/Policies," and are the only terms and conditions that govern Spectrum Voice Service.
No undertaking, representation or warranty made by any agent or representative of Spectrum in connection with the sale, installation, maintenance or removal of Voice Services shall modify or amend this Agreement or the Terms of Service.
<p>Residential Customer Guarantees</p> Read the Customer Guarantee details here <p> ELECTRONIC PAYMENT TERMS AND CONDITIONS</p> ELECTRONIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS ("TERMS") GOVERNING YOUR AUTHORIZATION FOR ELECTRONIC PAYMENTS INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION IN THE SPECTRUM RESIDENTIAL GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE, AND THE SPECTRUM BUSINESS SERVICES AGREEMENT, WHICH INCLUDES A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTIONS AND PROVISIONS FOR OPTING OUT OF ARBITRATION.
These Electronic Payment Terms and Conditions incorporate and include the Spectrum Residential General Terms and Conditions of Service, Spectrum Business Services Agreement, and the Spectrum Privacy Policy, as they may be changed from time to time (collectively, "Terms of Service"), all of which may be found at https://www.spectrum.com/policies/terms-of-service, under "Terms of Service/Policies" and "Your Privacy Rights." References to "Service" or "Spectrum Service" in the Terms of Service shall mean the Payment Services as defined in these Terms.
You may elect to make a one-time payment against the balance of your monthly bill statement through an electronic funds transfer or a debit or credit card charge (the "One Time Pay Service").
You may also elect to pay the balance of your monthly bill statement on a recurring basis by enrolling in the Auto Pay Service.
These Terms apply to your use of the One Time Pay Service or the Auto Pay Service (collectively, the "Payment Services"), as applicable.
References to "Charter," "Spectrum", "we," "us" or "our" mean Charter Communications Operating, LLC or its affiliates.
By using or enrolling in a Payment Service, you are agreeing to these Terms.
1.
One Time Pay Authorization By electing the One Time Pay Service, you authorize Charter to electronically debit the bank account or charge the debit or credit card that you designated ("Payment Method") to make a one-time payment in the amount requested.
2.
Auto Pay Authorization By enrolling in the Auto Pay Service, you authorize Charter to electronically debit or charge your designated Payment Method each month to automatically pay the balance due for your account in the amount and on the due date shown on your monthly bill statement.
We will continue to electronically debit or charge your Payment Method each month unless you cancel your authorization at least three (3) business days before the next scheduled payment date, as further described in the Cancelling Your Auto Pay Authorization section of the General Terms below.
3.
General Terms Your Payment Method By using the Payment Services, you are representing that the Payment Method used in connection with your authorization is an account from which you are legally authorized to make a payment.
You further authorize us to store your Payment Method for future use of the Payment Services.
You are responsible for ensuring that your Payment Method information is current and accurate at all times.
You must notify us of any change in your Payment Method at least three (3) business days before the scheduled due date shown on your monthly bill statement for the month in which you want to make the change.
If the change is made after this time, the change may not take effect until the following billing cycle for your monthly bill statement.
In the meantime, you will remain responsible for taking appropriate actions to ensure that your monthly bill statements are paid when due.
You can update your current Payment Method by accessing your account through Spectrum.net, SpectrumBusiness.net or My Spectrum app, and choosing "Manage Auto Pay".
If your bank or credit card issuer notifies us that your Payment Method information has changed, you authorize us to automatically update your account to reflect such change and continue to electronically debit or charge the updated Payment Method pursuant to this authorization.
We will send you a monthly bill statement (or, if you have chosen to receive your bill statement in electronic form, will notify you when your electronic bill statement is available for viewing).
The amount shown as due on your monthly bill statement may vary each month, and the monthly bill statement will be the only notice of any variance in the amount to be deducted automatically while you are enrolled in the Auto Pay Service.
If you are enrolled in the Auto Pay Service, the balance shown as due on your monthly bill statement will be deducted automatically on the payment due date shown on your monthly bill statement.
Insufficient Funds If a payment is returned for any reason, including for insufficient funds, we will assess a Non-Sufficient Fund Charge (as set forth in Charter's services rate card https://www.spectrum.com/browse/content/ratecard) and your Spectrum services or other services may be suspended or terminated in accordance with the Terms of Service.
Your bank or credit card issuer may also assess fees in connection with your use of a Payment Method (such as an insufficient funds, over-limit or overdraft fee), and we are not liable for any such fees.
If a payment is returned, we will make up to three (3) attempts to reinitiate a debit or charge to your Payment Method for up to 30 days following the initial failed attempt.
If, at the end of the 30-day period, there has not been a successful transfer, your Auto Pay authorization will be terminated and you will be responsible for making alternative payment arrangements.
Cancelling Your Auto Pay Authorization Your Auto Pay authorization will remain in full force and effect until you notify us that you wish to cancel it.
You may cancel your Auto Pay authorization at any time by accessing your account through Spectrum.net, SpectrumBusiness.net or My Spectrum app, and choosing "Manage Auto Pay." We must receive your request to cancel your Auto Pay authorization at least three (3) business days before the scheduled due date shown on your monthly bill statement for the month in which your request is made.
If your cancellation request is submitted after this time, the cancellation may not take effect until the following billing cycle for your monthly bill statement.
Any cancellation of your authorization will not take effect until after we receive it, and will result in the discontinuance of your enrollment in the Auto Pay Service.
After cancelling your authorization, you will be responsible for taking appropriate action each month to pay your monthly bill statement.
Charter's Rights and Liabilities We reserve the right to make changes to these Terms at any time and we will notify you of such changes.
Your continued access to or use of the Payment Services after such change shall be deemed your acceptance of the change.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your continued participation in the Payment Services at any time and for any reason, including but not limited to late payment, non-payment, or fraudulent payment of your monthly bill statement.
To the extent permitted by law, the Payment Services are provided "AS IS" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, and we specifically disclaim without limitation warranties of title, merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, completeness, or reliability of information.
We do not warrant that the Payment Services or the related web pages or server(s) that make the Payment Services available are free from viruses or other harmful or malicious code or components, nor that access to the Payment Services will be uninterrupted or error-free.
By using the Payment Services, you assume sole responsibility for and the entire risk of any damages or other liability that may arising from your access or use of the Payment Services, including without limitation, direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, punitive, exemplary, or other damages (such as lost profits) arising from or in connection with the use or inability to use the Payment Services, or the loss of data arising from such use or inability to use the Payment Services, whether in action of contract, tort, or other action or third party claim, responsibility for all of which we hereby disclaim.
CHARTER'S SOLE AND ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR THE PROCESSING OR DEDUCTION OF AN INCORRECT TRANSFER OF FUNDS HEREUNDER SHALL BE THE RETURN TO YOU OF THE IMPROPERLY TRANSFERRED FUNDS.
OTHERWISE, IN NO EVENT SHALL CHARTER BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOST PROFITS (EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF), ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE PAYMENT SERVICES.
Without limitation and without affecting our rights in the Terms of Service, we will have no liability or responsibility for our inability to process or receive payments in the event circumstances beyond our control prevent us from doing so or otherwise affect our ability to do so (including without limitation, fire, flood, strike, Internet delays or outages, interruption or malfunction, interference from an outside source, force majeure event, or act of God).
The Payment Services are provided to you for personal, or small business use, and you are prohibited from using these Payment Services for any illegal activity or purpose, including payment fraud or identity theft.
By clicking on "Complete Enrollment", you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions in the Auto Pay agreement.
NOTE: This email address is not setup to receive reply emails.
<p>Spectrum Mobile Terms of Service / Policies</p>
<p>Spectrum Residential Mobile Services Agreement</p> THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE ("AGREEMENT") GOVERNING YOUR USE OF SPECTRUM MOBILE SERVICE INCLUDE A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION IN THE SPECTRUM RESIDENTIAL GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE, WHICH INCLUDES A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTIONS AND PROVISIONS FOR OPTING OUT OF ARBITRATION.
Charter Communications Operating, LLC, through its affiliates ("Spectrum"), is pleased to provide its residential mobile service to you ("Subscriber") in accordance with these terms and conditions which incorporate and include the Spectrum Residential General Terms and Conditions of Service and the Spectrum Privacy Policy, as they may be changed from time to time (collectively, "Terms of Service"), all of which may be found at www.spectrum.com, under "Terms of Service/Policies" and "Your Privacy Rights." Subscriber's use of Spectrum Mobile™ Service, including all features, applications, and online portals associated therewith (collectively, "Mobile Service"), shall be deemed acknowledgement that Subscriber has read and agreed to the Terms of Service.
Subscriber must activate all Spectrum Mobile Services ordered.
Spectrum shall have no liability whatsoever if the Subscriber does not activate such Services.
Any user who does not agree to be bound by the Terms of Service should immediately stop their use of the Mobile Service and notify Spectrum's Customer Service Department at (833) 224-6603 to terminate the Mobile Service.
Terms that are initially capitalized but are not defined, will have the defined meaning given to them in the other documents referenced above.
Spectrum may change its prices, fees, the Mobile Service, and/or the Terms of Service.
Subscriber's continued use of the Mobile Service after notice of the change shall be considered Subscriber's acknowledgement and acceptance of the change, and the most-recent version of these Terms of Service controls Subscriber's relationship with Spectrum and Spectrum's provision of Mobile Service to Subscriber.
Spectrum regularly updates and amends these Terms of Service.
Subscriber should consult Spectrum's website www.spectrum.com to ensure Subscriber remains in compliance.
1.
Services Provided: Subscriber's Spectrum Mobile Service includes mobile voice and data services for voice calling, messaging and data, and any optional services Subscriber purchases from Spectrum, such as international calling and roaming for which additional charges or terms may apply, and any equipment Subscriber purchases from Spectrum or Spectrum provides to Subscriber for use with the Mobile Service, such as a phone, handset, tablet, Subscriber Identity Module ("SIM") card, accessory or other mobile device (collectively, "Device" or "Devices").
Subscriber's Mobile Service plan includes monthly allowances and features, the geographic area(s) or location(s) where Subscriber can use the Mobile Service ("Coverage Area"), and monthly and pay-per-use charges.
Subscriber should consult Spectrum's website at www.spectrummobile.com/plans for information concerning Spectrum's Mobile Service plans.
Mobile Service accounts are limited to a maximum of five (5) lines or Devices receiving Mobile Service.
In order to purchase Spectrum Mobile Service, Subscriber must be an existing customer of Spectrum Internet®, or Subscriber must purchase Spectrum Internet at the time of purchase of Spectrum Mobile Service.
Spectrum Internet is a separate service from Spectrum Mobile Service, provided over a separate network, and access to and use of Spectrum Internet Service by a Device or by any other Subscriber device via WiFi or otherwise is not a part of the Spectrum Mobile Service.
Spectrum Internet is subject to the Spectrum Residential Internet Services Agreement (hereafter, the "Spectrum Internet Agreement").
As stated in the Spectrum Internet Agreement, Spectrum Internet is a monthly paid unlimited data service and Spectrum does not charge Subscriber for any data sent or received over Spectrum Internet.
Other services that Subscriber receives from Spectrum, including Spectrum TV or Spectrum Voice, are subject to the applicable agreement(s) between Subscriber and Spectrum related to those services.
Additional charges, terms and/or restrictions will apply if Subscriber does not maintain Spectrum Internet, and may apply if Subscriber cancels its other Spectrum services, including Spectrum TV or Spectrum Voice.
The mobile network used to transmit the voice, text, and data services that support the Mobile Service offered by Spectrum Mobile is owned and operated by a licensed commercial mobile network operator(s) and not Spectrum Mobile.
2.
Acceptance: Subscriber accepts this Agreement in any of the following ways: agreeing in writing, by email, online, in person.
paying for the Mobile Service or Device.
or activating or attempting to use the Mobile Service or Device.
When Subscriber accepts this Agreement, Subscriber is representing that Subscriber is at least eighteen (18) years old and legally able to accept a binding contract.
If Subscriber is accepting for an organization, Subscriber is representing that Subscriber is authorized to bind that organization, and where the context requires, "Subscriber" means the organization.
Subscriber agrees that he or she is responsible for access or use of the Mobile Service and Device, and payment of all charges incurred on Subscriber's account by any user of Subscriber's Mobile Service.
By accepting, Subscriber is agreeing to every provision of this Agreement whether or not Subscriber has read it.
3.
Cancellation: Spectrum Mobile Service shall continue until such time as terminated by Subscriber, which shall be effective upon notice, or terminated by Spectrum for breach (including nonpayment) of the Terms of Service or otherwise terminated by Spectrum in accordance with the Terms of Service.
Subscriber must notify Spectrum's Customer Service Department at (833) 224-6603 to terminate Mobile Service.
Upon termination, and subject to any restrictions under applicable law, Subscriber shall be responsible for the full monthly charge for Spectrum Mobile Service, and any applicable fees, without proration, regardless of the date Subscriber terminated Mobile Service.
Subscriber is responsible for all charges incurred through the end of Subscriber's Mobile Service, including any remaining Device charges.
Nonpayment or cancellation of Spectrum Mobile Service may affect other services or agreements that Subscriber has with Spectrum, including promotional bundling packages for other Spectrum services.
If Subscriber cancels all Spectrum services, any remaining Mobile Service and/or Device balance will be charged to Subscriber's specified bank account, credit card or debit card, as applicable, during the next billing cycle.
4.
Spectrum Mobile Service Functionality: The Device uses radio transmissions to access the Mobile Service.
If Subscriber's Device is not in range of a transmission signal the Mobile Service may not work.
The availability and quality of Mobile Service may be affected by many things, including the Mobile Service plan purchased, the Device, the operator of the mobile network, Subscriber's monthly usage, network capacity, network or Internet congestion, server speeds of websites, network outages, network management policies, terrain, buildings, foliage, weather, actions of third parties, or other similar issues, and Spectrum does not guarantee the availability of the mobile network or the service speeds.
Additionally, under certain circumstances, Spectrum may reduce Subscriber download or streaming speeds, video resolution, or use of Spectrum's Mobile Hotspot Service, including after the Subscriber attains certain download levels or amounts, in accordance with the terms of Subscriber's Mobile Service plan (as described at www.spectrummobile.com/plans).
Accordingly, actual speeds of the Mobile Service will vary.
Mobile Service that relies on location information, such as Enhanced 911 ("E-911"), which can provide the 911 operator with a person's location, and Global Positioning Satellite ("GPS") navigation, depend on a Device's ability to acquire satellite signals (typically not available indoors) and network coverage.
Subscriber may be unable to use his or her Device in any manner, including to call 911, while the Device is receiving a software update until the software update is complete.
Subscriber's Device may automatically connect to WiFi hotspots, including the WiFi network in your home that is connected to your Spectrum Internet Service or other available Spectrum or third party WiFi hotspots.
When Subscriber's Device is connected to WiFi hotspots, including the WiFi network in your home that is connected to your Spectrum Internet Service or any other WiFi hotspot that connects to Spectrum Internet, such Device is accessing Spectrum Internet and is not utilizing Spectrum Mobile Service and is subject to the terms and conditions of the Spectrum Internet Agreement.
Connection of a Device to WiFi hotspots is not subject to the usage policies, including any reductions in transmission speed, applicable to Spectrum Mobile Service and described in our Spectrum Mobile Service broadband disclosures www.spectrum.com/policies/mobile-broadband-disclosures.
Speed limitations on the use of Spectrum WiFi hotspots may apply to Spectrum Mobile customers who discontinue Spectrum Internet Service.
More detail on the terms and conditions of Spectrum Internet Service is set forth in the Spectrum Internet Agreement www.spectrum.com/policies/residential-terms.
Subscriber's connection to WiFi may be affected by a variety of factors, including the Device, interference (from other devices, buildings, or other wireless signals), or distance from WiFi hotspots, including the WiFi network in Subscriber's home or at another location.
Disabling the automatic WiFi connection feature may limit the availability of certain Spectrum Mobile Service features and/or reduce your utilization of Spectrum Internet, which provides you with unlimited access to data, thereby increasing your monthly Spectrum Mobile Service data usage.
Depending upon your Mobile Service plan, increased Spectrum Mobile Service data usage may increase your monthly charges or, if, you have subscribed to an Unlimited Spectrum Mobile Service Plan, increased data usage may impact your performance after you attain certain download levels or amounts.
For more information about your Mobile Service Plan, see www.spectrummobile.com/plans.
5.
Mobile Device: Subscriber's Device must comply with Federal Communications Commission regulations, be certified for use on the network which Spectrum provides Mobile Service, and be compatible with Subscriber's Mobile Service.
Subscriber should consult Spectrum's website (www.spectrummobile.com) for information on Spectrum-supported Devices.
Spectrum does not support Devices that are locked by another mobile network operator or that have been reported lost or stolen.
Devices purchased from Spectrum may include pre-installed applications or software that manages wireless connections.
Spectrum may change a Device's software, applications, or programming remotely, with or without notice to Subscriber.
This could affect Subscriber's stored data, or how Subscriber has programmed or uses his or her Device.
By activating Mobile Service that uses a SIM card, Subscriber agrees Spectrum owns the intellectual property and software in the SIM card, that Spectrum may change the software or other data in the SIM card without notice and that Spectrum may utilize any capacity in the SIM card for administrative, network, business, and/or commercial purposes.
Devices may not work with another mobile network and other mobile network operators may not accept a Device on their networks.
Spectrum does not manufacture any Device that Subscriber selects to use with the Mobile Service, including Devices Spectrum provides.
Spectrum is not responsible for any defects, acts, omissions, or other problems with a Device.
Check with the Device's manufacturer to determine whether there are any warranties on a Device.
Device performance may vary based on Device specifications (for example, a Device's software, memory, and storage), and Device performance may impact access to Spectrum's Mobile Service.
If Subscriber purchased a Device from Spectrum, it may have been programmed with a Device or SIM lock which will prevent it from operating with other compatible mobile network operators' services.
If Subscriber wishes to use their Device with the service of another mobile network operator or Subscriber wishes to exchange their Mobile Service between two Spectrum-supported Devices, upon request, Spectrum will provide reasonable assistance to unlock the Device or to exchange their Mobile Service between the two Spectrum-supported Devices, provided that Subscriber meets certain criteria, including but not limited to: (a) Subscriber has paid for each Device in full.
(b) Subscriber's account has been active for more than sixty (60) days and is in good standing (i.e., it has no past due amount or unpaid balance owed to Spectrum).
and (c) none of the Devices has been reported lost or stolen.
Subscriber is responsible for the security of any Device connected to the Mobile Service, including any data stored on the Device, and maintaining virus and other Internet security protections when accessing third-party products or services.
Subscriber is free to download and use content and applications on the Device that are not provided by Spectrum but at Subscriber's own risk.
Some applications provided by Spectrum as part of the Mobile Service cannot be uninstalled from the Device.
6.
Using Data Service: Spectrum's Mobile Service and its Devices may allow Subscriber, among other things, to access the Internet, email, text, take pictures and video, use Spectrum's Mobile Hotspot Service, download and play games, video, music, graphics, sound, applications and other materials ("Content"), or send Content elsewhere.
Video streams at DVD quality (typically 480p).
Video resolution may be reduced in the event Subscriber's usage exceeds the thresholds set forth in Subscriber's Mobile Service plan (as described at www.spectrummobile.com/plans).
Subject to network management practices of Spectrum and its mobile network operator(s), Spectrum does not control the Content that Subscriber accesses or creates on a Device.
Content may be: (1) unsuitable for children/minors.
(2) unreliable or inaccurate.
or (3) offensive, indecent, or objectionable.
Subscriber is solely responsible for evaluating the Content accessed or created by Subscriber or anyone else through the Device and/or the Mobile Service.
Content from third parties may also harm a Device or its Software (defined below).
Spectrum is not responsible for any Content, or any damage caused by any Content, that Subscriber accesses or creates through the Mobile Service, that Subscriber loads on a Device, or that Subscriber requests that Spectrum representatives access and load on a Device.
Content from third parties or applications that Subscriber downloads or activates (e.g., Visual Voicemail) may also be subject to additional terms of service.
Policies regarding intellectual property, privacy and other terms of use may differ from these Terms of Service, and Subscriber may be bound by such policies or terms when Subscriber visits third party sites, downloads or uses third party services, or downloads or activates applications.
Access or use of applications or Content may increase your monthly Spectrum Mobile Service data usage, and depending upon your Mobile Service plan, increased Spectrum Mobile Service data usage may increase your monthly fees or, if you have subscribed to an Unlimited Spectrum Mobile Service Plan, increased data usage may impact your performance after you attain certain download levels or amounts.
It is Subscriber's responsibility to read the rules or service agreements with each Content provider or service provider, or for each application.
Any information Subscriber involuntarily or voluntarily provides to third parties is governed by their policies or terms.
SPECTRUM IS NOT A PUBLISHER OF THIRD-PARTY INFORMATION, APPLICATIONS OR OTHER CONTENT AND IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY OPINIONS, ADVICE, STATEMENTS OR OTHER INFORMATION, SERVICES OR GOODS PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES.
7.
Software License: A Device's "Software" includes its software interfaces, documentation, data, Content and applications, as each may be updated or replaced by feature enhancements or other updates.
Spectrum grants Subscriber a non-exclusive and non-transferable license or sublicense to use Software, in accordance with the applicable Software licensing terms.
No rights are granted to source code.
A Device's Software is licensed to Subscriber by Spectrum for Subscriber's personal, lawful, noncommercial use on his or her Device only.
Except as permitted by applicable law, Subscriber may not assign, transfer, sublicense, copy, reproduce, redistribute, resell, modify, decompile, attempt to derive the source code of, or reverse engineer all or any part of the Software, or alter, disable or circumvent any digital rights management security features embedded in the Software.
The Software may not be transferred from one Device to another Device.
Subscriber may not create derivative works of all or any part of the Software.
Subscriber agrees that the Software contains proprietary Content and information owned by Spectrum, its licensors, and/or other third parties.
Spectrum, its licensors, and such other third parties reserve the right to change, suspend, terminate, remove, impose limits on the use or access to, or disable access to, the Software at any time without notice and will have no liability for doing so.
Third party operating system Software and pre-installed Software not provided by Spectrum are subject to the licensing agreements of such parties.
8.
Using Spectrum Mobile Service: The mobile network on which Spectrum provides the Mobile Service is a shared resource that is managed for the benefit of all its users and is a separate network from the network on which Spectrum provides Spectrum Internet.
Certain activities and uses of Spectrum's Mobile Service and uses of the network by an individual customer or small group of customers can negatively affect the use and enjoyment of the network by others.
Therefore, certain activities and uses of the Mobile Service are permitted and others are not.
Permitted Activities: The Mobile Service is intended to be used for the following permitted activities: (i) web browsing.
(ii) email.
(iii) voice calls.
(iv) messaging.
(v) streaming music.
(vi) uploading and downloading applications and Content to and from the Internet and third party stores.
and (vii) using applications and Content without excessively contributing to network congestion.
Subscriber agrees to use the Mobile Service only for such permitted activities.
Prohibited Activities: The Mobile Service is not intended to be used in any manner which has any of the following effects and such use is prohibited if it: (a) conflicts with applicable law.
(b) hinders other customers' access to the mobile network.
(c) compromises network security or capacity.
(d) excessively and disproportionately contributes to network congestion.
(e) adversely impacts network service levels or legitimate data flows.
(f) degrades network performance.
(g) causes harm to the network or other customers.
(h) results in non-standard calling patterns or practices (auto-dialing, high-volume call forwarding, equipment hacking or hijacking).
(i) is in excess of Subscriber's credit limit or Mobile Service plan limit (as described at www.spectrummobile.com/plans).
(j) results in misuse or excessive use of the Mobile Service ("Normal" refers to the levels or patterns of at least 98% of our customers on a particular plan.
Usage outside of "normal" levels or patterns is considered "excessive use.").
(k) is sold, resold, assigned, shared, licensed or otherwise provided to or utilized either alone or as part of any good or service.
(l) tampers with, reprograms, alters or otherwise modifies a Device to circumvent any of Spectrum's policies or violate anyone's intellectual property rights.
(m) defeats, obstructs, or penetrates, or attempts to defeat, obstruct or penetrate the security measures of the mobile network or systems, another entity's network or systems, or the accounts of others.
or (n) connects a Device to a separate computing device (such as a computer, Smartphone, eBook or eReader, media player, laptop, or other devices with similar functions) through use of connection kits, applications, devices or accessories (using wired or wireless technology) unless Subscriber is using Spectrum's Mobile Hotspot Service.
The Mobile Service may be used only for lawful purposes.
Subscriber will not use or allow others to use the Mobile Service in any manner that is in violation of any applicable federal, state, local or international laws or regulations or to promote, engage in, or enable illegal activity or conduct that violates or infringes upon the rights of any person.
Transmission or distribution of any material in violation of any applicable law or regulation is prohibited.
This includes, without limitation, material protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property right used without proper authorization, and material that is obscene, illegal, defamatory, constitutes an illegal threat, or violates export control laws.
Spectrum may block calls or data transmissions that are made to, or received from, certain countries, cities or telephone exchanges, or that use certain authorization codes if, in its sole discretion, Spectrum deems it reasonably necessary to prevent non-standard, excessive, unlawful or fraudulent use of the Mobile Service.
Furthermore, use of the Mobile Service to impersonate a person or entity or to engage in fraudulent activities is not permitted.
SPECTRUM RESERVES THE RIGHT AT ITS SOLE DISCRETION TO IMMEDIATELY SUSPEND, TERMINATE, OR RESTRICT USE OF MOBILE SERVICE WITHOUT NOTICE IF SUCH USE VIOLATES THE RESTRICTIONS IN THIS SECTION 8.
9.
Roaming and International Charges: Roaming means coverage on another mobile network operator's network ("Roaming").
Subscriber's Mobile Service may be used for international calling and Roaming.
Mobile Service originated or received while outside a Mobile Service plan's included Coverage Area is subject to Roaming charges.
Whether a Device can roam depends on Subscriber's Device, the Mobile Service plan, and the availability of Roaming coverage.
Certain Mobile Service may not be available or work the same when Roaming (for example, data services, voicemail, or call waiting).
Use of the Mobile Service while Roaming is also dependent on the Roaming provider's support of applicable network technology and functionality.
There may be higher rates and extra charges (including charges for long distance, tolls, or calls that do not connect) for international calling or when Roaming.
Subscriber may or may not be informed that he or she is Roaming, or of the associated costs.
Roaming may be limited or not available if more than half of Subscriber's monthly Mobile Service usage during a consecutive sixty (60) day period is outside the Subscriber's Mobile Service plan's included Coverage Area (as described at www.spectrummobile.com/plans).
Additionally, Spectrum may block the use of voice, text, and/or data service while Roaming within certain countries as Spectrum deems reasonably necessary to prevent non-standard, excessive, unlawful or fraudulent use of Mobile Service.
Spectrum Mobile Service includes up to 2,000 minutes per line of combined monthly calling to Canada and Mexico, subject to acceptable use limitations (described below).
Calling to Canada or Mexico during a bill cycle that exceeds such limit or violates the acceptable use limitations may be subject to a $0.02 per minute charge.
Additionally, Spectrum Mobile may limit all international service, suspend service, or charge $0.02 per minute for all calling to Canada or Mexico, if Subscriber violates the following acceptable use limitations in two consecutive bill cycles.
The Canada and Mexico calling plan is for use by Subscriber for non-commercial voice or live dialog only, and acceptable use of the plan excludes (i) use for commercial purposes, including, but not limited to, telemarketing, call center services, medical transcription, facsimile or voice message broadcasting, or use by a home-based, non-profit, or governmental business or enterprise, (ii) use with auto-dialers or predictive dialers, or for resale of service, (iii) use by persons or entities other than Subscriber, or (iv) any non-standard or excessive use, unusual call patterns, lack of continuous dialog activity, or unlawful or fraudulent use, as determined by Spectrum Mobile.
10.
Lost or Stolen Device: Subscriber agrees to call Spectrum immediately if his or her Device is lost or stolen so that the Mobile Service can be suspended to keep someone else from using it.
If Subscriber's Device is used after the loss or theft but before Subscriber reports it, and Subscriber wants a credit for any charges for that usage, Spectrum will review the account activity and any other information that Subscriber would like Spectrum to consider to show that the charges were not authorized.
Subscriber may be asked to provide or submit information to support the claim.
Spectrum may add the Device to the national "lost and stolen list," to prevent the Device from being used on any mobile network operator's network.
Subscriber may be held responsible for the charges if he or she delays reporting the loss or theft without good reason, but Subscriber does not have to pay any Mobile Service charges Subscriber disputes while they are being investigated.
A lost or stolen Device does not release Subscriber from their payment obligation under any Device Payment Plan or Lease Plan.
California Subscribers Only: Although Subscriber is not liable for charges Subscriber did not authorize, Spectrum considers the fact that a call was placed from Subscriber's Device as evidence that the call was authorized.
Unauthorized charges may include calls made to or from Subscriber's Device after it was lost or stolen.
If Subscriber does not report the loss or theft promptly, Subscriber may be responsible for the Mobile Service used until the incident is reported.
Once reported to Spectrum that the Device is lost or stolen and the Device is suspended, Subscriber will not be responsible for subsequent charges incurred by that Device.
If Spectrum has not given Subscriber a courtesy suspension of any recurring monthly charges during the past year, Spectrum will give Subscriber one (1) such suspension for thirty (30) days or until Subscriber replaces or recovers the Device, whichever comes first.
11.
Privacy &amp.
Information on a Device: As described in the Spectrum Privacy Policy, Spectrum, along with its partners, may collect technical and service information from all Spectrum Mobile Service users during Spectrum's provision of Mobile Service or from Subscriber's Device.
Such information may include Mobile Service plan and feature information, application download and usage information, Device or equipment information, network traffic or performance information, Mobile Service usage information, diagnostic data (including Device performance, signal strength, dropped call, data failure or battery strength information), and Location Information (defined below).
Spectrum may use such technical and service information to provide mobile voice and data services, and to improve Subscriber's network experience and the quality of Subscriber's mobile experience.
A Device can contain sensitive, personal information.
Spectrum is not responsible for any information stored on a Device, including sensitive or personal information.
Spectrum recommends that Subscriber safeguard any sensitive or personal information when the Device is out of Subscriber's possession or control.
By submitting a Device to Spectrum, Subscriber agrees that Spectrum employees, contractors, or vendors may access all of the information on a Device.
If Subscriber exchanges, returns, or recycles a Device through Spectrum, Subscriber must remove all data and information from the Device before Subscriber provides it to Spectrum.
12.
Monthly Service Fee: Subscriber agrees to pay the monthly service fee for Spectrum Mobile Service.
Applicable taxes and regulatory fees attributable to Spectrum Mobile Service are included in the recurring monthly service fee.
Applicable taxes on equipment sales and one-time charges, described below, are billed separately from the monthly service fee.
Spectrum reserves the right to increase or decrease any fee or charge associated with Spectrum Mobile Service.
Spectrum Mobile Service shall be terminated in the event Subscriber does not pay.
Usage and monthly fees will be billed as specified in Subscriber's Mobile Service plan (described at www.spectrummobile.com/plans).
Depending on Subscriber's Mobile Service, charges for additional services may include operator and directory assistance, voicemail, call forwarding, data calls, texts, and Internet access.
Spectrum may charge activation, prepayment, reactivation, program, Device, Lease Plan, installment plan charges, or other charges to establish, change, or maintain Subscriber's Mobile Service.
Certain transactions may also be subject to a charge (for example, convenience payment, changing phone numbers, or handset upgrades).
Spectrum will notify Subscriber if any of these charges apply to the requested transaction.
To determine Subscriber's primary place of use ("PPU"), and which jurisdiction's taxes and assessments to collect, Subscriber is required to provide Spectrum with Subscriber's residential street address.
If Subscriber does not provide Spectrum with such address, or if it falls outside of Spectrum's Coverage Area, Spectrum may reasonably designate a PPU within the Coverage Area for Subscriber.
Subscriber must live and have a mailing address within Spectrum's Coverage Area.
If Subscriber intends to use a Device at an alternate address, Subscriber must update the PPU for Subscriber's account by contacting Spectrum at (833) 224-6603.
13.
Billing: Subscriber will be billed on a monthly basis, in advance, for recurring Mobile Service and Device charges (e.g., service plan fees, features, prepaid usage, Spectrum Mobile Device Payment Plan, Lease Plan and any Device Protection Plan purchased), and in arrears for usage charges (e.g., data, international calling, and Roaming).
Charges for Roaming and international data may not appear on a billing statement during the bill cycle when the calls and/or data usage were incurred due to delays in receiving and reviewing such records.
If Subscriber receives Mobile Service or a Device under a promotion, after the promotional period ends the then-current market prices for Subscriber's Mobile Service or Device will apply.
For charges based on the amount of time used or for data sent or received, Spectrum will round up any fraction to the next full minute or, depending on how Subscriber is billed for data usage, the next full gigabyte ("GB").
For outgoing calls, usage time starts when Subscriber first presses 'SEND' (or similar key) or the call connects to a network.
and for incoming calls, it starts when the call connects to a network (which may be before it rings).
Usage time may end several seconds after Subscriber presses 'END' (or similar key) or after the call disconnects.
For calls made on the network, Spectrum will charge only for calls that are answered, including by machines.
Usage cannot always be processed right away and may be included in a later bill.
Subscribers with an unlimited Spectrum Mobile Service plan will pay a monthly fee for the Service in accordance with the terms of such plan.
For Subscribers with a Spectrum Mobile Service plan based on the amount of time used and/or data sent or received, Subscriber will be charged for all data sent, received, consumed by and/or used on Subscriber's account, including, without limitation, data consumed by applications (including any Spectrum Mobile Service and/or other Spectrum applications), widgets, multi-media messaging, tethering, uploading, downloading, streaming Content, Internet access (including accessing corporate intranets, email and individual productivity applications), GPS and location services, and Voice over Internet Protocol (including any network overhead and/or Internet Protocol overhead associated with Content sent or received).
At the end of each bill cycle, data usage for an account with a single line receiving Mobile Service on a pay-as-you-go basis will be rounded up to the next GB, depending on Subscriber's Mobile Service plan.
For example, if Subscriber uses 1.2 GBs of data during a bill cycle, Subscriber will be billed for 2 GBs of usage.
At the end of each bill cycle, data usage for an account with multiple lines receiving Mobile Service on a pay-as-you-go basis will be aggregated and then rounded up to the next GB, depending on the terms of your Mobile Service plan.
If Subscriber selects a Mobile Service plan under a promotion that includes a predetermined allotment of Mobile Service (for example, a predetermined amount of gigabytes or messages), unless otherwise specifically provided as part of such Mobile Service plan, any unused allotment of Mobile Service from one billing cycle will not carry over to any other billing cycle.
Subscriber's first billing cycle will begin upon the earlier of Device activation or seven (7) days after the Device's shipment date, and Subscriber's first invoice may include partial-month charges for Service in addition to the charges above.
All Spectrum Mobile Service bills will be available via the MyAccount web portal and application.
Subscriber will be billed separately for Spectrum Mobile Service from any other Spectrum services, including Spectrum Internet or Spectrum TV.
14.
Unauthorized Charges: SUBSCRIBER SHOULD USE CARE WHEN ALLOWING ANOTHER PERSON, INCLUDING A CHILD OR OTHER MINOR, TO USE A DEVICE ON SUBSCRIBER'S ACCOUNT.
Subscriber is obligated to pay all charges incurred, including charges from any other user of a Device associated with Subscriber's account.
Many services and applications are accessible on or through a Device, including purchases of games, movies, music, and other Content.
Some of these services are provided by Spectrum.
Others are provided by third parties that may offer the option to bill charges to Subscriber's Spectrum bill or other methods of payment.
Charges may be one-time or recurring.
If the purchaser is permitted to have charges billed to Subscriber's account and so chooses, such charges will become part of the amount due for that billing cycle.
Subscriber is solely responsible for all charges to such third parties, including all applicable taxes.
In addition, Subscriber is solely responsible for protecting the security of credit card and other personal information provided to others in connection with such transactions.
Spectrum may agree to provide billing services on behalf of third parties, as the agent of the third party.
Spectrum will not be responsible for any dispute regarding charges between Subscriber and any third party.
Subscriber must address all such disputes directly with the third party.
15.
Spectrum's Right to Limit or End Mobile Service or this Agreement: Spectrum can, without notice, limit, suspend or end Subscriber's Mobile Service or any agreement with Subscriber for any good cause, including, but not limited to: (1) if Subscriber: (a) breaches this Agreement.
(b) resells his or her Mobile Service.
(c) uses the Mobile Service for any illegal or fraudulent purpose or in violation of any acceptable use requirements.
(d) installs, deploys, or uses any regeneration equipment or similar mechanism (for example, a repeater) to originate, amplify, enhance, retransmit or regenerate a radio frequency signal without Spectrum's permission.
(e) steals from or lies to Spectrum.
(f) fails to pay his or her bill on time for any Spectrum service.
(g) incurs charges larger than a required Deposit or billing limit, or materially in excess of his or her monthly access charges (even if Spectrum hasn't yet billed the charges).
or (h) is unable to pay Spectrum or goes bankrupt.
or (2) if Subscriber or any user of Subscriber's Device, or any line of Mobile Service on Subscriber's account: (a) threatens, harasses, or uses vulgar and/or inappropriate language toward Spectrum's representatives.
(b) interferes with Spectrum's operations.
(c) "spams" or engages in other abusive messaging or calling.
(d) modifies his or her Device from its manufacturer's specifications.
or (e) uses Subscriber's Mobile Service in a way that negatively affects the network or other customers or that violates the restrictions in Section 8, above.
Spectrum can also temporarily limit Subscriber's Mobile Service for any operational or governmental reason.
Spectrum's rights under this section are in addition to any specific rights that Spectrum reserves in other provisions of this Agreement or in other Terms of Service to interrupt, suspend, modify, or cancel Subscriber's Mobile Service and to terminate Subscriber's Agreement.
16.
Porting: Subscriber may be able to transfer, or "port," his or her mobile phone number to another mobile network operator.
If Subscriber ports a number from Spectrum, Spectrum will treat it as though Subscriber requested Spectrum to cancel Subscriber's Mobile Service for that number.
After the porting is completed, Subscriber will not be able to use Spectrum's Mobile Service for that number, but Subscriber will remain responsible for all Mobile Service fees and charges incurred through the end of that billing cycle, and any Device charges, just like any other cancellation.
If Subscriber ports a number to Spectrum, Spectrum may not be able to provide some services right away, such as E-911 services.
Subscriber acknowledges and agrees that except as required by applicable law, Subscriber does not have any proprietary rights to the mobile number assigned by Spectrum, except for any right Subscriber may have to port it.
17.
Location Information: Subscriber's Device or Spectrum's Mobile Service can determine the physical geographical location of the Device and Subscriber ("Location Information").
As described in the Spectrum Privacy Policy, Spectrum, along with its partners, may automatically collect Location Information or other customer data during Spectrum's provision of Mobile Service.
Together, Spectrum, its partners, and/or the network service provider may use Location Information, as well as customer data, usage and performance information obtained from the network or Subscriber's Device, to provide mobile voice and data services, and to improve Subscriber's network experience and the quality of Subscriber's mobile experience.
Location Information may also be used to create aggregate data from which Subscriber's personally identifiable information has been removed or obscured.
Such aggregate data may be used for a variety of purposes (e.g., scientific and marketing research, vehicle traffic volume and monitoring).
It is Subscriber's responsibility to notify users on Subscriber's account that such information may be collected by such users' use of the Mobile Service or from Devices linked to Subscriber's account.
Subscriber's Device is also capable of using optional Content at Subscriber's request or the request of a user on Subscriber's account, offered by Spectrum or third parties that make use of a Device's Location Information ("Location-Based Service").
Subscriber should review the terms and conditions and the associated privacy policy for each Location-Based Service to learn how the location information will be used and protected.
If Subscriber does not want the Location-Based Service to collect or use Location Information, Subscriber should disable location services on the Device using the Device settings.
18.
911 and Emergency Alerts: When making calls to a public-safety answering point ("PSAP") from a Device, such as dialing 911, Subscriber should always be prepared to provide his or her location and phone number.
Unlike calls from a traditional wireline phone, a PSAP may not know the emergency caller's location or phone number.
Although some local emergency authorities have enabled E-911 services that use GPS or other methods to determine callers' locations, E-911 does not always provide accurate location information.
If Subscriber's Device is indoors, cannot acquire a satellite signal, or otherwise cannot obtain the caller's location, the Location Information may not be automatically delivered to the PSAP.
Also the process of porting a phone number may limit the Mobile Service from being able to provide location services to the PSAP during that time.
If Subscriber makes a 911 call, the 911 operator may see a phone number that is different from Subscriber's personal phone number.
There may be instances when the PSAP might not be able to call Subscriber back.
Calls to 911 over WiFi or a data connection may operate differently than traditional wireline calls to 911.
Such calls may not connect to the PSAP, may be limited, or may be unavailable if Subscriber is experiencing a power outage, if there is a disruption in WiFi service or to the data connection, or if Subscriber is unable to access the Internet.
If Subscriber's call connects to a PSAP, his or her Location Information and phone number may not be transmitted.
Additionally, if Subscriber has not updated his or her emergency 911 address in the settings of their Device, their Device may provide a PSAP with Location Information that is different from Subscriber's calling location.
Subscriber should be prepared to provide his or her location and phone number to the PSAP.
If Subscriber is deaf, hard of hearing, or speech disabled and needs to reach emergency services, Subscriber should call 911 directly using TTY or a telecommunications relay service.
Spectrum may also provide wireless emergency alerts within portions of its Coverage Area on wireless emergency alert capable devices.
There is no additional charge for these wireless emergency alerts.
Wireless emergency alerts may not be available on all Devices or in the entire Coverage Area, or if Subscriber is outside of the Coverage Area.
In areas in which the emergency alerts are transmitted, such alerts may not be received by a Subscriber or user of Spectrum's Mobile Service even though the user has a Device capable of receiving them.
19.
Limitation of Liability: THE LIABILITY OF SPECTRUM, OR ITS SERVICE VENDORS, FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARISING OUT OF THE FURNISHING OF MOBILE SERVICE HEREUNDER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELAYS, ERRORS OR OTHER DEFAULTS, REPRESENTATIONS OR USE OF THE MOBILE SERVICE, OR ARISING OUT OF THE FAILURE TO FURNISH THE MOBILE SERVICE, INCLUDING E-911/911 SERVICE, WHETHER CAUSED BY ACTS OF COMMISSION OR OMISSION, AND/OR LOSS OF ELECTRICAL POWER, SHALL BE LIMITED TO AN ALLOWANCE PRORATED FOR THE TIME PERIOD OF THE MOBILE SERVICE INTERRUPTION.
SPECTRUM, INCLUDING ITS SERVICE VENDORS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE LOSSES OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF EARNINGS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES AND PERSONAL INJURIES THAT A SUBSCRIBER, OR SUBSCRIBER'S USERS, MAY SUFFER.
FINALLY, SPECTRUM, AND ITS SERVICE VENDORS, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR INTERRUPTIONS IN MOBILE SERVICE OR FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES DUE TO THE FAULT OR NEGLIGENCE OF SUBSCRIBER, ANY SUBSCRIBER USER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY OR PERSON(S), OR DUE TO THE FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION OF SUBSCRIBER-PROVIDED OR USER-PROVIDED EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES, OR DUE TO THE FAILURE OF SUBSCRIBER TO FULFILL ANY OBLIGATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
THE SUPPLIER(S) OF MOBILE SERVICES TO SPECTRUM SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR SUBSCRIBER'S LOSSES, CLAIMS OR DAMAGES FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FAILURE OR DISRUPTION OF THE MOBILE SERVICE PROVIDED HEREUNDER, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE.
SUBSCRIBER SHALL NOT BE DEEMED A THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARY OF ANY CONTRACT BETWEEN SPECTRUM AND SPECTRUM'S MOBILE SERVICE SUPPLIER.
20.
Disclaimer of Warranties: EXCEPT FOR ANY WRITTEN WARRANTY THAT MAY BE PROVIDED WITH A DEVICE SUBSCRIBER PURCHASED FROM SPECTRUM, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, SUBSCRIBER'S MOBILE SERVICE AND DEVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND SPECTRUM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ABOUT SUBSCRIBER'S MOBILE SERVICE, DEVICES, OR ANY APPLICATIONS SUBSCRIBER ACCESSES THROUGH HIS OR HER DEVICE.
SPECTRUM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT SUBSCRIBER'S DEVICE OR MOBILE SERVICE WILL WORK PERFECTLY OR BE FREE FROM INTERRUPTIONS OR VIRUSES.
SPECTRUM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT SUBSCRIBER'S DEVICE WILL NOT NEED OCCASIONAL UPGRADES OR MODIFICATIONS, OR THAT IT WILL NOT BE NEGATIVELY AFFECTED BY NETWORK-RELATED MODIFICATIONS, UPGRADES OR SIMILAR ACTIVITIES.
SPECTRUM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT VOICEMAILS, MESSAGES, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION (INCLUDING VIDEOS AND PICTURES) WILL BE PRESERVED IF SPECTRUM SERVICES SUBSCRIBER'S DEVICE.
SPECTRUM DOES NOT WARRANT THAT SUBSCRIBER'S COMMUNICATIONS WILL BE PRIVATE OR SECURE.
IT IS ILLEGAL FOR UNAUTHORIZED PEOPLE TO INTERCEPT SUBSCRIBER'S COMMUNICATIONS, BUT SUCH INTERCEPTIONS CAN OCCUR AND SPECTRUM HAS NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY SUCH OCCURRENCE.
21.
Intellectual Property: Subscriber must respect the intellectual property rights of Spectrum, its third-party Content providers, and any other owner of intellectual property whose protected property may appear on any website and/or dialogue box controlled by Spectrum or accessed through Spectrum's websites.
Spectrum intellectual property and related documents are protected by trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property laws, and international treaty provisions.
All Spectrum websites, corporate names, service marks, trademarks, trade names, logos, and domain names (collectively, "Marks") and its affiliates are and shall remain Spectrum's and its affiliates' exclusive property.
Nothing in this Agreement shall grant Subscriber the right or license to use any of the Marks.
22.
Entire Agreement: This Agreement shall be posted along with the Terms of Service governing Subscriber's use of Spectrum Mobile Service at www.spectrum.com/policies/mobile-terms, under "Terms of Service/Policies," and are the only terms and conditions that govern Spectrum Mobile Service.
No undertaking, representation or warranty made by any agent or representative of Spectrum in connection with the sale, installation, maintenance or removal of Mobile Service shall modify or amend this Agreement or the Terms of Service.
23.
English Language: The original version of this Agreement is in the English language.
Any discrepancy or conflicts between the English version and any other language version will be resolved with reference to and by interpreting the English version.
<p>Spectrum Mobile Service Broadband Disclosures</p> Charter's Spectrum Mobile and Spectrum Business Mobile broadband Internet access services ("Spectrum Mobile Service," "Service" or "Spectrum") utilize our mobile network partner(s)' ("MNP") mobile broadband Internet access service network and is subject to its network management practices and controls.
The disclosures below reflect, where appropriate, those practices and controls.
These disclosures do not describe the practices, characteristics, or terms that apply when our customers are roaming on mobile networks other than those of our MNP.
In order to purchase Spectrum Mobile Service, a subscriber must be an existing customer of Spectrum Internet or Spectrum Business High-Speed Internet (as applicable), or subscriber must purchase such Internet service at the time of purchase of Spectrum Mobile Service.
As long as subscriber remains a customer of Spectrum Internet or Spectrum Business High-Speed Internet (as applicable), subscriber will have access to Spectrum's WiFi hotspots.
Network Practices The bullets below provide an overview of the network practices applicable to Spectrum Mobile Service.
• Blocking Spectrum Mobile Service does not block or otherwise prevent end user access to lawful content, applications, services, or non-harmful devices.
Spectrum Mobile Service does engage in reasonable network management practices described below.
• Throttling Spectrum Mobile Service does not degrade or impair access to lawful Internet traffic on the basis of content, application, service, user, or use of a non-harmful device.
Spectrum Mobile Service does engage in reasonable network management practices described below, including limiting video streaming to DVD quality (typically 480p) for customers using our MNP's network.
• Affiliated Prioritization Spectrum Mobile Service does not directly or indirectly favor some traffic over other traffic, including through use of techniques such as traffic shaping, prioritization, or resource reservation, to benefit an affiliate.
• Paid Prioritization Spectrum Mobile Service does not directly or indirectly favor some traffic over other traffic, including through use of techniques such as traffic shaping, prioritization, or resource reservation, in exchange for consideration, monetary or otherwise.
• Congestion Management Over Mobile Network.
Spectrum Mobile Service strives to provide Spectrum Mobile Service customers the best experience when they are using our MNP's network.
However, an individual user's experience will vary depending upon many factors, including the MNP network (3G Ev-DO or 4G LTE) the customer is using and the mobile device ("device") in use.
Our MNP uses optimization and transcoding technologies on both the 3G Ev-DO and 4G LTE networks to transmit data files in a more efficient manner to allow available network capacity to benefit the greatest number of users.
These techniques include caching less data, using less capacity, and sizing video files more appropriately for mobile devices.
These techniques are agnostic as to the content itself and to the website that provides it.
While these techniques seek to avoid changing text, image, and video files, and while any change to the file is likely to be indiscernible by the customer, the optimization process may minimally impact the appearance of the file as displayed on a customer's mobile device.
Over WiFi.
When Spectrum Mobile Service customers are connected using WiFi, congestion management practices applicable to that connection will vary by Internet Service Provider ("ISP").
On Spectrum WiFi hotspots outside the home, Spectrum uses reasonable network management practices that are consistent with industry standards.
Additional information on Spectrum's congestion management practices is available here.
Spectrum is not responsible for the congestion management techniques used by other ISPs for their WiFi networks.
If your device connects to another ISP's WiFi network, you should consult that provider's terms of service and broadband disclosures for information about their practices.
The optimization and transcoding techniques described above under Over Mobile Network are not applied when a device is utilizing Spectrum WiFi (and may not be utilized by other WiFi service providers) to transmit data, and therefore text, image, and video files will be delivered over WiFi at the native resolution.
Roaming.
For those geographic areas that are not served by our MNP's owned and operated mobile networks, our MNPs enter into agreements with other mobile network providers.
The use of customers' devices to access data over another provider's networks - both domestic and international - is called "roaming" usage.
Our ability to make Services available to customers on these other mobile networks is based on a variety of dynamic factors, including business considerations, the terms of the agreements our MNPs have at any given time with other mobile network providers, and the network technology, frequency(ies) and functionality of those networks.
Use of Spectrum Mobile Services when roaming is dependent upon the roaming provider's support of applicable network technology and functionality.
Check with roaming network providers individually for support and coverage details.
Devices can transmit and receive data messages without user intervention and can generate unexpected charges when powered "on" outside the United States, Puerto Rico and US Virgin Islands.
Certain countries and/or carriers within a roaming zone may be unavailable while roaming.
We do not guarantee the availability, quality of coverage or speed for roaming Services that are accessed using other mobile network provider networks and we may reduce speeds to 2G speeds or suspend the roaming Service available on these networks at any time without notice.
• Application-Specific Behavior You may access any lawful application for use on the Spectrum Mobile Service, subject to our Residential General Terms and Conditions of Service, Spectrum Business Services Agreement, Network Management Practices, Spectrum Residential Mobile Services Agreement, Spectrum Business Mobile Services Agreement, and Privacy Policy discussed in these disclosures.
Spectrum reserves the right at all times to intervene to protect the integrity of its services, including its Spectrum Mobile Service, and network.
While Spectrum does not favor certain websites or Internet applications by blocking, throttling, or modifying particular protocols, protocol ports, or protocol fields in ways not prescribed by the protocol standards, we may prevent the use of certain ports on our Spectrum WiFi service that are commonly used to spread malware and engage in other malicious activity.
• Device Attachment Rules You may activate devices that Charter has certified to be compatible with its network, including devices not purchased directly from Charter.
Information about obtaining a new mobile device, including a list of approved mobile devices and their prices, is available here.
Depending on the capability of your mobile device, using your Spectrum Mobile Service to create a mobile hotspot to connect to other devices is permitted pursuant to the terms, conditions, and data pricing options of your Spectrum Mobile Service (see Commercial Terms, below) and subject to the network management practices and controls of our MNP.
• Security Spectrum recognizes that a reliable network must be, among other things, a secure network.
We, along with our MNP, work to protect the network against outside attacks, tampering, malicious activity, and network events that may in any way disrupt or degrade Spectrum Mobile Service customers' ability to use the network.
Our MNP blocks a limited number of Internet addresses that are disruptive or malicious and typically persistent, based on analysis and third-party intelligence.
Our MNP does not block sites based on content or subject, unless the Internet address hosts unlawful content.
Our MNP regularly reviews and modifies the list of blocked Internet addresses, taking any off the list that are no longer perceived as a threat.
Performance Characteristics • Service Description Over Mobile Network.
Spectrum Mobile Service offers mobile broadband Internet access services to its customers over 3G Ev-DO and 4G LTE mobile broadband networks.
Based on our MNP's internal testing and testing commissioned from third-party vendors, Spectrum expects customers will experience the following speeds on the Spectrum Mobile Service: • 4G LTE network: typical download speeds of 5-12 megabits per second (Mbps) and upload speeds of 2-5 Mbps.
• 3G Ev-DO network: typical download speeds of 600 kilobits per second (Kbps)-1.4 Mbps and upload speeds of 500-800 Kbps for Ev-DO Rev.
A devices (if you are using an Ev-DO Rev.
0 device, typical download speeds are 400-700 Kbps and upload speeds are 60-80 Kbps).
DVD-Quality Video streaming is supported at 4G speeds (video typically streams at 480p).
With respect to latency for use of real-time data applications, our MNP expects network-to-mobile device (round-trip) latency to be less than 100 milliseconds (ms) on our MNP's 4G network and less than 240ms on its 3G Ev-DO network.
Latency is the time delay in transmitting or receiving packets on a network.
Latency is primarily a function of the distance between two points in transmission, but also can be affected by the number and quality of connections to the network or networks used in transmission.
Our MNP currently does not report packet loss data, and so Spectrum Mobile Service is not technically able to measure packet loss on the network.
Packet loss is the percentage of packets that are sent by the source but not received by the destination.
This is sometimes due to congestion along the route but may also reflect an impairment in the network.
You must be using a 4G LTE mobile device and be within our MNP's 4G LTE coverage area to access its 4G LTE network.
You must be using a 3G Ev-DO-capable mobile device and be within our MNP's 3G Ev-DO coverage area to access its 3G Ev-DO network.
For 4G and 3G coverage information, click here.
Customers with 4G LTE devices will access the 3G Ev-DO network where it is available outside the 4G LTE coverage area.
The actual speeds you experience on our MNP's network will depend on many factors, including, among others, the type of mobile device, the programs running on the mobile device, your location, and how many other customers are attempting to use the same spectrum resources (including both mobile broadband Internet access and other non-broadband Internet access services that share the network).
Over Spectrum WiFi.
The results above do not reflect the Spectrum Mobile Service experienced by customers connected to Spectrum WiFi hotspots outside the home (or the WiFi network in your home or office that is connected to your Spectrum Internet Service or Spectrum Business High-Speed Internet Service).
Spectrum Mobile Service may automatically connect to Spectrum WiFi hotspots (or the WiFi network in your home or office that is connected to your Spectrum Internet Service or Spectrum Business High-Speed Internet Service) when available unless the customer changes mobile device settings to inhibit such functionality.
Performance over any WiFi network, including Spectrum WiFi hotspots, may vary based on any number of factors, such as, but not limited to, the number of other subscribers trying to use the same WiFi router at the same time, your mobile device, your WiFi receiving antenna, your distance to the WiFi router, attenuation from walls and foliage, and interference from other mobile devices using the same spectrum.
WiFi uses spectrum that the FCC has allocated for "unlicensed" use, which means that use of this spectrum is not protected from interference from other mobile devices using the same spectrum in the same geographic area.
Therefore, Spectrum WiFi hotspots, as well as any WiFi connections through your home Spectrum Internet service or Spectrum Business High-Speed Internet Service, is provided on a "best efforts" basis.
When not connected to Spectrum WiFi hotspots (or the WiFi network in your home of office that is connected to your Spectrum Internet Service or Spectrum Business High-Speed Internet Service), Spectrum Mobile Service will attempt to connect over our MNP's mobile broadband Internet access service network.
Additional information on Spectrum WiFi is available in our Network Management Practices as well as our Internet Acceptable Use Policy and Spectrum Business Internet Acceptable Use Policy, our Residential Internet Services Agreement and Spectrum Business High-Speed Internet Service Terms - each of which are incorporated into our Residential General Terms and Conditions of Service and our Spectrum Business Services Agreement, as applicable.
• Other Services on the Network Spectrum Mobile Service uses our MNP's mobile broadband Internet access service network and shares that network with those services and other non-broadband Internet access services that our MNP offers.
When accessing Spectrum Mobile Service via a Spectrum WiFi access point, broadband Internet access service and Voice over WiFi service will be delivered via the access point.
When accessing Spectrum Mobile Service via another WiFi network, users may share those WiFi networks with other services that Spectrum does not know about or manage.
As such, Spectrum Mobile Service cannot predict other services that may share the WiFi network.
Commercial Terms • Pricing, Data Usage, Other Fees and Charges Service is not available in all areas.
You must be a Spectrum Internet or Spectrum Business High-Speed Internet service customer to initially subscribe to Spectrum Mobile Service.
As a Spectrum Mobile Service customer, you may be eligible for up to 5 lines (including tablets, if you are subscribing to a tablet data plan) depending on your credit score.
A one-time activation charge of $10 per line (or tablet) will be applied to your order during purchase.
Spectrum Mobile Service currently offers two pricing options for the purchase of data.
Spectrum Internet and Spectrum Business High-Speed Internet services and bundles are offered on a monthly subscription basis.
Subscribers are responsible for the full monthly charge for service without proration when service is terminated before the end of the 30-day billing period, subject to restrictions under applicable law, if any.
By the Gig.
With the "By the Gig" data option, you will be charged $14.00 each month in advance for each line of Service (promotional rates may vary).
Each line gets one gigabyte (GB) of data that can be shared among all By the Gig lines on the same account.
If all of the By the Gig lines on the account collectively exceed the initial 1 GB allocated to each line, an additional GB of shared data is automatically added to the account and you'll pay an additional $14.00 per GB, whether you use the entire gigabyte or not.
For example, if an account with a single line uses 1.2 GBs of data during a bill cycle, the subscriber will be billed for 2 GBs of data for that bill cycle.
Similarly, if an account with three lines collectively uses 3.2 GBs of data during a bill cycle, even if one or two lines uses less than 1 GB, the subscriber will be billed for an additional GB for that bill cycle.
If you wish to use a tablet with your Spectrum Mobile Service on a by-the-gig basis, you must buy a "By the Gig Tablet" plan even if you also have a By the Gig plan for your smartphone or other devices.
With the "By the Gig Tablet" data option, you will be charged $14.00 each month in advance for each tablet (promotional rates may vary), and get one gigabyte (GB) per line of sharable data to use among all By the Gig Tablet devices and any smartphone By the Gig lines on the same account.
If you use more than your initial 1GB per tablet and your initial 1 GB per line data allocation, if any, among all of your tablets and lines, then you'll pay an additional $14.00 per gigabyte, or partial gigabyte, per account on your next bill.
Unlimited.
The "Unlimited" data option provides unlimited data at a regular monthly rate of $45.00 per line (promotional rates may vary), with speeds reduced down to 1 Mbps download and 512 Kbps upload after 20 gigabytes (GB) of data usage in a month among all of the smartphones or other devices using the same line.
At these speeds, the functionality of some data applications such as streaming video or audio may be affected.
If you wish to use a tablet with your Spectrum Mobile Service on an unlimited basis, you must buy an Unlimited Tablet plan even if you also have an Unlimited plan for your smartphone or other devices.
The "Unlimited Tablet" data option provides unlimited data at a regular monthly rate of $45.00 per tablet (promotional rates may vary), with speeds reduced down to 1 Mbps download and 512 Kbps upload after 20 gigabytes (GB) of data usage on the tablet in a month.
At these speeds, the functionality of some data applications such as streaming video or audio may be affected.
You can switch between By the Gig and Unlimited data options.
More information on switching between these options can be found here.
Mobile Hotspot Usage.
There are no additional fees or charges for using your phone or tablet as a mobile hotspot.
Data used as a mobile hotspot will count toward your data charges for the billing cycle.
Unlimited plans include up to 5 GB mobile hotspot use per line during a billing cycle, with speeds reduced down to 600 Kbps for mobile hotspot use after 5 GB for the rest of the billing cycle for that line.
Included Taxes, Fees, and Other Charges.
Applicable taxes and regulatory fees attributable to Spectrum Mobile Service are included in the recurring monthly service fee.
Applicable taxes on equipment sales and one-time charges are billed separately from the monthly service fee.
Additional Fee for Disconnecting Other Spectrum Services.
Spectrum Mobile Service and Business Mobile Service customers who disconnect their respective Spectrum Internet Service or Spectrum Business High-Speed Internet Service will be charged an additional $20.00 per-month per-line fee.
Such customers will be able to access Spectrum WiFi hotspots, but Spectrum WiFi speeds will be limited to 5 Mbps.
Additionally, such customers will be able to change their rate plans, but they will not be able to add additional lines.
For detailed information about pricing, promotions, and fees for Spectrum Mobile Service, please visit the Spectrum Mobile home page.
Further information on Spectrum Mobile Service's data options is available here.
Pricing is subject to change.
• Privacy Policies Spectrum's privacy policies with respect to Spectrum Mobile Service are explained in our privacy policies, which are available here.
• Redress Options If you have questions about these disclosures, cannot find what you are looking for, or have any other concerns about Spectrum Mobile Service, please call customer service at (833) 224-6603.
<p>Retail Installment Contract</p> RETAIL INSTALLMENT SALE AGREEMENT / RETAIL INSTALLMENT OBLIGATION SUBJECT TO STATE REGULATION SELLER (CREDITOR): Spectrum Mobile Equipment, LLC, on behalf of itself and its service providing affiliates (collectively, "Spectrum") 400 Atlantic Street, Stamford, CT 06901, (833) 224-6603.
AGREEMENT [Order Number] SPECTRUM MOBILE ACCOUNT [#] BUYER'S NAME: [Name], the Spectrum Account Holder BUYER'S CONTACT NUMBER: [Mobile or Contact Number] BUYER'S ADDRESS: [Address] DESCRIPTION OF Mobile DEVICE: [Device] / [Customer Nickname for Device] ("Device") YOU, meaning the Buyer named above, agree to pay US, the Seller/Creditor named above the Total Sale Price of the Device identified above according to the terms of this Spectrum Mobile Device Payment Plan Retail Installment Contract (referred to herein as this "Device Payment Plan").
<b>ANNUAL PERCENTAGE RATE <br>The cost of your credit as a yearly rate</b>
<b>0%</b>
<b>FINANCE CHARGE <br>The dollar amount the credit will cost You</b>
<b>$0</b>
<b>AMOUNT FINANCED</b>
<br>The amount of credit provided to you<b>$0</b>
<b>TOTAL OF PAYMENTS<br>The amount you will have paid after you have made all <br> payments as scheduled</b>
<b>$0</b>
<b>TOTAL SALE PRICE <br>The total cost of your purchase on credit including your <br>down payment of <br>$0.00</b>
<b>$0</b>
<b>PLEASE SEE THE APPLICABLE OF (i) THE SPECTRUM RESIDENTIAL GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE AND THE SPECTRUM RESIDENTIAL MOBILE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE OR (ii) THE SPECTRUM BUSINESS MOBILE SERVICES AGREEMENT (COLLECTIVELY, THE "TERMS OF SERVICE") FOR ANY ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT NONPAYMENT, DEFAULT, ANY REQUIRED PAYMENT IN FULL BEFORE THE SCHEDULED PAYMENT DATES AND PREPAYMENT TERMS WITH RESPECT TO THE SPECTRUM MOBILE SERVICE.
PLEASE SEE YOUR PAYMENT SCHEDULE RIDER BELOW FOR THE SPECIFIC AMOUNT AND DATE OF FIRST PAYMENT, TOTAL NUMBER OF PAYMENTS, AND AMOUNT OF EACH PAYMENT.
TERMS THAT ARE INITIALLY CAPITALIZED BUT NOT DEFINED HEREIN ARE DEFINED IN YOUR TERMS OF SERVICE AND WILL HAVE THE DEFINED MEANING GIVEN TO THEM IN SUCH OTHER DOCUMENTS.</b>
<b>THIS DEVICE PAYMENT PLAN GOVERNING RETAIL INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS FOR THE SPECTRUM DEVICE(S) YOU ARE RECEIVING FROM SPECTRUM, INCLUDES A BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISION SET FORTH IN THE SPECTRUM RESIDENTIAL GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE, WHICH INCLUDES A WAIVER OF CLASS ACTIONS AND PROVISIONS FOR OPTING OUT OF ARBITRATION.</b> Your purchase of the Device hereunder shall be deemed acknowledgment that you have read and agreed to the Terms of Service.
<b>ANY PERSON WHO DOES NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS DEVICE PAYMENT PLAN AND THE TERMS OF SERVICE MUST NOT ACTIVATE THE DEVICE AND SHALL NOTIFY SPECTRUM'S CUSTOMER SERVICE AT (833) 224-6603 FOR INSTRUCTIONS ON RETURNING THE DEVICE.
</b> This Device Payment Plan and the Terms of Service constitute a legal binding document.
Spectrum regularly updates and amends the Terms of Service.
You should consult Spectrum's website https://www.spectrum.com/policies/terms-of-service.html to be sure you remain in compliance.
<b>ITEMIZATION OF AMOUNT FINANCED</b>
<b>(A)</b> CASH PRICE (excluding tax): $0<b>(B)</b> DOWN PAYMENT (if applicable): $0<b>(C)</b> FINANCE CHARGE: $0<b>(D)</b> AMOUNT FINANCED (the amount of credit provided to you): $0 * Note: Taxes are not included in Amount Financed.
See Section 2 below for more information.
<b>1.
INCORPORATION OF TERMS OF SERVICE.
ALTHOUGH THE TERMS OF SERVICE ARE COMPRISED OF SEPARATE DOCUMENTS, EXCEPT AS PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SECTIONS GOVERNING ARBITRATION, WAIVERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, DISPUTES, AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF YOUR TERMS OF SERVICE ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY THIS REFERENCE IN THIS AGREEMENT, AND SHALL SURVIVE TERMINATION OF YOUR TERMS OF SERVICE.
SPECIFICALLY, ANY DISPUTES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE RESOLVED IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR TERMS OF SERVICE UNDER THE HEADING: "ARBITRATION." OUTSIDE OF ANY ARBITRATION BETWEEN THE PARTIES, WHICH REMAIN GOVERNED SOLELY BY THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE CONTAINED IN THE TERMS OF SERVICE, IN THE EVENT OF A CONFLICT BETWEEN THIS DEVICE PAYMENT PLAN AND YOUR TERMS OF SERVICE, THE TERMS OF THIS DEVICE PAYMENT PLAN SHALL CONTROL WITH RESPECT TO THE PURCHASE OF YOUR DEVICE.</b>
<b>2.
PAYMENTS.
</b> Payment is due on the due date set forth in your bill statement as established under the Terms of Service.
We will charge the payment method associated with your Spectrum Mobile account every month for the amount due.
If the payment authorization fails for the full amount due for any Spectrum Service(s), the Device or other device(s) connected to your Spectrum Mobile account then we, at our sole discretion in accordance with and subject to applicable law, may suspend or disconnect any or all Spectrum Service(s) (or any portion thereof) provided by Spectrum.
You are required to maintain a current valid payment method on your account at all times.
Your specific payment schedule under this Device Payment Plan is provided in the Payment Schedule Rider below.
For the initial order on your Spectrum Mobile account, the first payment for your Device, plus all applicable taxes, will be due when the Device is shipped or fulfilled in our retail store, at which time we will charge the payment method associated with your Spectrum Mobile account.
For any additional Device purchased on your Spectrum Mobile account, all applicable taxes will be charged at the time the additional Device is shipped or fulfilled in our retail store and your first device payment will be due on the due date set forth in your bill statement.
<b>3.
PREPAYMENT.</b> You may pay the total amount due under this Device Payment Plan at any time before the final scheduled payment is due, and you will not have to pay a penalty.
Additional payments that you elect to make beyond the monthly amount due will be applied to your Device Payment Plan balance and the number of outstanding payments, or final payment amount, as applicable will be reduced accordingly.
You will still be charged the same monthly payment amount on your bill cycle date, until the full amount due is satisfied.
<b>4.
RISK OF LOSS: INSURANCE.</b> You bear the entire risk of loss, theft or damage to the Device from any cause during the term of this Device Payment Plan.
Even if the Device is lost, stolen or damaged, you remain obligated for the total of the payments.
If you qualify and it is available at the time of purchase, you may obtain property insurance on the Device from us at the time of purchase.
You may also obtain property insurance from others on your Device purchased under this Device Payment Plan.
<b>5.
DEFAULT AND REMEDIES.</b> You are in default under this Device Payment Plan if you fail to make any required payment when due.
We shall have the right to suspend the service or functionality of your Device(s) and/or terminate this Device Payment Plan and/or any other Spectrum Service(s) for any one or more of the following reasons (each a "Default"): (i) failure to pay amounts due under this Device Payment Plan or under the Terms of Service with respect to any Services provided to you by Spectrum.
(ii) you breach any covenant, representation or warranty hereunder.
(iii) you default in the performance of any other obligation which is not cured within ten (10) days after written notice to you (subject to any applicable laws requiring a different notice and cure period).
(iv) for any reason the Device you purchased under this Device Payment Plan is disconnected from Spectrum Mobile Service.
or (v) Spectrum terminates your Mobile Service(s) for any other event of default under this Device Payment Plan or the Terms of Service.
To the extent permitted by applicable law, upon a Default we have the right to require you to pay immediately the entire remaining balance in full under this Device Payment Plan, and to pay us actual and reasonable costs of collection.
<b>6.
ASSIGNMENT.
</b> We may, without your consent, and without giving you notice, assign or transfer this Device Payment Plan or any payment or any other sums due or to become due hereunder.
In such event, our assignee will have, to the extent transferred or assigned to it, all our rights, powers, privileges and remedies under this Device Payment Plan.
You agree you will not (A) sell or offer to sell or transfer or enter into any lease with respect to the Device covered by this Device Payment Plan without our prior written consent nor (B) assign this Device Payment Plan or any interest in it to another party.
<b>7.
ELECTRONIC ACCESS TO AGREEMENT/OTHER COMMUNICATIONS.</b> By accepting below, you acknowledge that you have access to Spectrum's Website at https://www.spectrum.com/policies/terms-of-service.html, where a standard form of this Device Payment Plan and related privacy and other disclosures will be available to you.
If at any time after your order you want a copy of this Device Payment Plan, you may call 855-236-1545 and request a copy be emailed to you.
<b>8.
BUYER'S RIGHT TO CANCEL:</b> If you do not want the Device purchased under this Device Payment Plan, then you may be eligible to return the Device and request a refund.
You must return your Device in accordance with our Return Policy available at https://www.spectrum.com/policies/terms-of-service/returnpolicy.html to cancel your obligations under this Device Payment Plan.
If you do not return your Device in accordance with the Return Policy, you will be responsible for all outstanding charges under this Device Payment Plan and it will remain in full force and effect.
NOTICE TO BUYER: 1.
Do not accept this Device Payment Plan before you read it or if it contains any blank spaces for information that is available at the time you accept this Device Payment Plan.
2.
You are entitled to a completely filled-in copy of this Device Payment Plan.
Keep it to protect your legal rights.
3.
Under the law, you have the right to pay off in advance the full amount due at any time.
If you desire to prepay the full amount due, the amount due will be furnished upon request.
4.
This contract is covered by state and federal laws, and you have the rights of a buyer under such laws.
5.
ANY HOLDER OF THIS CONSUMER CREDIT CONTRACT IS SUBJECT TO ALL CLAIMS AND DEFENSES WHICH THE DEBTOR COULD ASSERT AGAINST THE SELLER OF GOODS OR SERVICES OBTAINED UNDER THIS DEVICE PAYMENT PLAN OR WITH THE PROCEEDS HEREOF.
RECOVERY HEREUNDER BY THE DEBTOR SHALL NOT EXCEED AMOUNTS PAID BY THE DEBTOR HEREUNDER.
6.
This is a retail installment sale agreement and not a lease.
Do not accept if it contains blank spaces.
You have a right to a copy of this Device Payment Plan.
keep it to protect your rights.
You may pay off the full amount at any time.
Please review the entire agreement, including the Notice to Buyer provisions, before accepting.
We have a limited return policy, which can be found at https://www.spectrum.com/policies/terms-of-service/returnpolicy.html .
<b>PAYMENT SCHEDULE RIDER</b>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<b>YOUR PAYMENT SCHEDULE WILL BE:</b>
<br>
<br>
<b>First Device Payment:</b> For your initial Device, your first payment will be due when the Device is shipped or fulfilled in our retail store.
For all Devices purchased on your Spectrum Mobile account thereafter, your first payment will be specified as the due date in your monthly bill statement.<br>
<br>
<b>Number of Payments:</b> 24<br>
<br>
<b>Amount of Monthly Payments:</b> [$X.XX] Note that all applicable taxes will be due at the time you place your order.<br>
<br>
<b>Monthly Payment Due Date:</b> For any Device purchases, after your first Device payment, payments will be due monthly, by the due date specified in your bill statement (see your Terms of Service for bill cycle date details).
<br>
<br>
<b>No Late Charges:</b> No late charges will be assessed under the terms of this Installment Agreement, see Section 5 of this Installment Agreement for more information on Default.<br>
<br>
<b>Prepayment:</b> You may pay off all of your debt under this Installment Agreement early without penalty.
<p>Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan Agreement - Apple Devices</p> There may be different or additional terms based on your state.
Your specific terms and conditions will be included in your Welcome Kit.
For an Apple device, refer to the Apple Devices Service Contract, Communication Device Protector Insurance Certificate and Upgrade documents.
APPLE DEVICES SERVICE CONTRACT To request a sample copy of the terms and conditions specific to your state call 1-866-450-5185 SPECTRUM MOBILE PROTECTION PLAN TERMS AND CONDITIONS This Service Contract is not a contract of insurance.
Unless otherwise regulated under state law, the contents of this Service Contract should be interpreted and understood within the meaning of a "service contract" in Public Law #93-637.
This Service Contract is issued to You and conforms with the terms and conditions below.
It includes these Terms and Conditions, any state specific disclosures, any other applicable disclosures, as well as Your Service Contract enrollment / coverage confirmation and Covered Device purchase receipts.
This Service Contract must be available for inspection when You require service.
THIS SERVICE CONTRACT TERM INCLUDES THE MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY.
LOSSES COVERED BY THE MANUFACTURER DURING THE MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY PERIOD ARE COVERED BY THE MANUFACTURER.
THIS SERVICE CONTRACT PROVIDES ADDITIONAL BENEFITS DURING THIS COVERAGE TERM.
LOOK FIRST TO YOUR MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY FOR COVERAGE.
IF ANY PART OF YOUR MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY OVERLAPS WITH THIS COVERAGE, THIS SERVICE CONTRACT IS SECONDARY TO YOUR MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY COVERAGE.
DEFINITIONS Administrator means the entity responsible for managing the benefits and services outlined in this Service Contract.
The Service Contract Administrator is The Signal in all states, except in Oklahoma where the Service Contract Administrator is The Signal, L.P.
The address and phone number of each Service Contract Administrator is 676 E.
Swedesford Road, Suite 300, Wayne, PA 19087, 1-877-875-4282.
Apple means Apple Inc., and AppleCare Services Company, Inc., collectively.
Covered Device means Your Spectrum Mobile Apple-branded device You purchased from the Seller when You enrolled in this Service Contract and its accompanying accessories contained in their original packaging or any certified replacement devices provided by Apple, or Us as well as any upgrade device purchased or leased by You and registered with (and approved by) Us as an eligible Covered Device.
Price means the consideration paid by You for this Service Contract.
Provider means the entity that is contractually obligated to You under the terms of this Service Contract.
The Service Contract Provider is Federal Warranty Service Corporation in all states except in California where the Provider is Sureway, Inc..
in Florida where the Service Contract Provider is United Service Protection, Inc., and in Oklahoma where the Service Contract Provider is Assurant Service Protection, Inc.
The address and phone number of each Service Contract Provider is P.O.
Box 105689, Atlanta, GA 30348-5689, 1-877-875-4282.
Seller is Spectrum Mobile, LLC, 400 Atlantic Street, Stamford, CT 06901, the entity that sold the Service Contract to You.
Service Contract means this Service Contract in which You enrolled Your Covered Device identified on Your Service Contract enrollment / coverage confirmation.
Service Contract Term means the coverage timeframe from when Your coverage under this Service Contract begins to when Your coverage ends.
You/Your means the owner or lessee of the Covered Device under this Service Contract.
We / Our / Us means the Service Contract Provider or its Administrator (including any contracted third party providers).
SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS SERVICE CONTRACT 1.
Service Provision.
We may subcontract or assign delivery for elements of Our obligations under this Service Contract to third parties, including Apple.
however, this does not relieve Us of Our obligations under this Service Contract.
Authorized third party providers may collect the needed information from You to setup Your service and to fulfill the obligations on Our behalf.
While the Covered Device is eligible for AppleCare services, We will deliver Our obligations to You under this Service Contract through Apple.
Covered Devices are eligible for AppleCare services during the first twenty-four (24) months from the date You purchase the Covered Device from the Seller and enroll in the Service Contract and as long as You maintain this Service Contract uninterrupted on Your Apple-branded Covered Device.
When Your Covered Device is no longer eligible for AppleCare services, We will deliver Our obligations to You under this Service Contract outside of Apple.
2.
When Coverage Begins and Ends.
Coverage under this Service Contract begins when You purchase Your new Covered Device and enroll in the Service Contract as identified as the Coverage Start Date on Your Service Contract enrollment / coverage confirmation.
The Service Contract Term is continuous month to month until cancelled by either You or Us.
3.
What is Covered? 3.1 Hardware Service.
If during the Service Contract Term, You submit a valid claim on the Covered Device to notify Us that (i) a defect in materials and workmanship has arisen, or (ii) the capacity of the battery to hold an electrical charge is less than eighty percent (80%) of its original specifications, We will arrange a service event to either: (i) repair the defect, using new or refurbished parts that are equivalent to new in performance and reliability, or (ii) exchange the Covered Device, with a replacement that is new or equivalent to new in performance and reliability.
All replacements provided under this Service Contract will, at a minimum, be functionally equivalent to the original Covered Device.
If We exchange the Covered Device, the original becomes Our property and the replacement becomes Your property, with coverage for the replacement device effective for the remaining portion of the Service Contract Term.
There is no service fee for Hardware Service repairs or replacements.
3.2 Accidental Damage from Handling.
If during the Service Contract Term, You submit a valid claim on the Covered Device to notify Us of a failure due to accidental damage from handling ("ADH"), We will, subject to the service fee described below, either (i) repair the defect using new or refurbished parts that are equivalent to new in performance and reliability, or (ii) exchange the Covered Device with a replacement product that is new or equivalent to new in performance and reliability.
ADH coverage only applies to an operational or mechanical failure caused by an accident from handling that is the result of an unexpected and unintentional external event (for example, drops and damage caused by liquid contact other than as a result of defect in material or workmanship) that arises from Your normal daily usage of the Covered Device as intended.
We may ask You to provide an explanation of where and when the accident occurred with a detailed description of the actual event.
We will deny the claim if You fail to pay the service fee or fail to provide information relating to the accident when asked.
You will be assessed a non-refundable service fee each time an ADH repair or replacement is completed.
Service Fee Schedule: <b>
</b>
<b>iPhone</b>ADH Service FeeWithin the first two ADH claims, the Service Fee for screen damage is $29 when service is provided at Apple Stores, Apple Authorized Service Providers, and through Apple's mail-in repair service.
For all other ADH claims, the Service Fee is $99.
3.3 Technical Support.
During the Service Contract Term, We will provide You with access to telephone and web-based technical support resources.
Technical support may include assistance with installation, launch, configuration, troubleshooting, and recovery (except for data recovery), including storing, retrieving, and managing files.
interpreting system error messages.
and determining when hardware service is required or ADH coverage may be applicable.
We will provide support for the then-current version of software released by the device manufacturer.
At our discretion, we may provide support for prior versions of software.
3.4 Scope of Technical Support.
Under the Service Contract, We will provide technical support for the following: (i) The Covered Device, (ii) Operating system ("OS") and software applications that are pre-installed on the Covered Device ("Consumer Software"), (iii) For Apple-branded Covered Devices, Apple-branded software applications that are designed to operate with the Covered Device, including but not limited to Pages, Numbers, and Keynote software (also referred to as "Consumer Software"), and (iv) Connectivity issues between the Covered Device and a Supported Computer.
A "Supported Computer" means a computer that meets the Covered Device's connectivity specifications and runs an operating system supported by the Covered Device.
4.
What is not Covered? 4.1 Hardware Service and ADH Coverage Area.
Hardware service and ADH coverage is/are limited to the country where You originally purchased the new Covered Device from the Seller.
4.2 Hardware Coverage and ADH Coverage.
(i) The Service Contract does not apply to setup, installation, removal or disposal of the Covered Device, or provision of equipment while the Covered Device is being serviced.
(ii) The Service Contract does not apply to damage caused by (a) a product that is not the Covered Device, (b) abuse, misuse, fire, earthquake or other external causes except as described in section 3.2 above, (c) operating the Covered Device outside the permitted or intended uses described by the manufacturer, (d) consequential damage or (e) service performed by anyone not authorized by Us.
(iii) The Service Contract does not apply to a product with a serial number that has been altered, defaced or removed, or has been modified to alter its functionality or capability without the written permission of the manufacturer.
(iv) The Service Contract does not apply to a Covered Device that has been lost or stolen or intentionally damaged, accidentally damaged from handling, damage due to acts of God or environmental exposure.
This Service Contract only applies to a Covered Device returned to Us, in its entirety.
(v) This Service Contract does not apply to a Covered Device that has damage caused by reckless, abusive, willful or intentional conduct associated with handling and use of the Covered Device.
(vi) The Service Contract does not apply to cosmetic damage to the Covered Device, including but not limited to scratches and dents that do not otherwise affect the functionality of the Covered Device.
(vii) The Service Contract does not apply to preventative or required maintenance on the Covered Device.
(viii) The Service Contract does not apply to defects caused by normal wear and tear or which is otherwise due to normal aging of the product.
(ix) The Service Contract does not apply to a pre-existing condition on any Covered Device or defects that are subject to a manufacturer's recall, and (x) This Service Contract does not apply to any other act or result not covered by the Service Contract, as described herein.
Important: Do not open the Covered Device, as damage caused as a result of opening the equipment is not covered by this Service Contract.
Only We, Apple, or an authorized servicer approved by Us should perform service on the Covered Device.
4.3 Technical Support.
(i) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for Your use of the OS and Consumer Software as server-based applications.
(ii) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for issues that could be resolved by upgrading software to the then current version.
(iii) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for third-party products or their effects on or interactions with the Covered Device, the OS, or Consumer Software.
(iv) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for your use of a computer or operating system that is not related to Consumer Software or to connectivity issues with the Covered Device.
(v) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for software other than the OS or Consumer Software, as covered under the Service Contract.
(vi) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for OS software or any Apple-branded software designated as "beta", "prerelease," or "preview" or similarly labeled software, and (vii) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for damage to, or loss of any software or data that was residing or recorded on the Covered Device.
The Service Contract does not cover the recovery or reinstallation of software programs and user data.
5.
How to Obtain Service and Support? All claimed events must be reported to Us as soon as reasonably possible.
You may obtain hardware services, ADH coverage and technical support through the following means.
To arrange for service, contact Us at 1-877-875-4282 or visit Us at www.fastclaim.com/spectrummobile.
6.
Service Options.
6.1 Repairs will be performed at an authorized repair center determined by Us.
Service will be available and rendered during the regular working hours and work week of the repair centers.
Following Our diagnosis and claim approval, We will, at Our option, setup one of the following service events: (i) Carry-in service.
Carry-in service is available for most Covered Devices.
Deliver the Covered Device to the agreed to authorized servicer provider.
Service will be performed for You at that location, or the technician may send the Covered Device to a service center for repair.
Once notified that service is complete, You will promptly retrieve the Covered Device.
(ii) Mail-in service.
Direct mail-in service is available for most Covered Devices.
If We determine that your Covered Device is eligible for mail-in service, We will send You a prepaid shipping label (and, if needed, packaging material) for You to ship the Covered Device to an authorized repair center according to the instructions provided by Us.
Once service is complete, We will return the Covered Device to You.
We will pay for shipping to and from Your location if You follow all instructions.
(iii) Express Replacement Service ("ERS") or do-it-yourself ("DIY") parts service.
ERS is available for certain Covered Devices.
DIY parts service is available for many Covered Device parts or accessories, to allow You to service Your own Covered Device.
If ERS or DIY parts service is available, the following process will apply.
(a) Service where We require return of the replaced Covered Device or part.
We may require a credit card authorization or other method to serve as security for the retail price of the replacement Covered Device or part and applicable shipping costs.
We will ship a replacement device or part to You with installation instructions, if applicable, and any requirements for the return of the replaced Covered Device or part.
If You follow the instructions, the credit card authorization will be cancelled, so You will not be charged for the replacement Covered Device or part and the shipping to and from Your location.
If You fail to return the replaced device or part as instructed or return a replaced device or part that is ineligible for service, We will charge the credit card for the authorized amount.
If You are not able to provide credit card authorization, this service may not be available to You and We will offer an alternative service option.
(b) Service where We do not require the return of the original Covered Device or part.
We will ship You free of charge a replacement Covered Device or part accompanied by instructions for installation, if applicable, and any requirements for the disposal of the replaced Covered Device or part.
Neither We nor Our third party providers are responsible for any labor costs You incur in respect to ERS or DIY parts service.
Should You require further assistance, You should contact Us, at the telephone number listed above.
6.2 We reserve the right to change the method by which We may provide repair or replacement service to You, and Your Covered Device's eligibility to receive a particular method of service.
Service will be limited to the options available from Us in the country where You request service.
Service options, parts availability and response times may vary according to country.
If service is not available for the Covered Device in a country that is not the country of purchase, You may be responsible for shipping and handling charges to facilitate service to a country where service is available.
If You seek service in a country that is not the country of purchase, You must comply with all applicable import and export laws and regulations and be responsible for all custom duties, V.A.T.
and other associated taxes and charges.
For international service, We may repair or exchange the Covered Device or its parts with a comparable device or parts that comply with the local standards of the countries where you request service.
7.
Your Responsibilities.
To receive service or support under the Service Contract, You agree to comply with each of the terms listed below.
(i) You will provide a copy of Your Service Contract's enrollment / coverage confirmation or Covered Device's serial number or IMEI, if requested.
(ii) You will provide information about the symptoms and causes of the issues with the Covered Device.
(iii) You will respond to requests for information, including but not limited to the Covered Device serial number, model, version of the operating system and software installed, any peripherals devices connected or installed on the Covered Device, any error messages displayed, the actions which were taken before the Covered Device experienced the issue and the steps taken to resolve the issue.
(iv) You will follow the instructions We give You, including but not limited to refraining from sending devices and accessories that are not subject to repair or replacement service and packing the Covered Device according to the shipping instructions.
(v) You will update software to currently published releases prior to seeking service.
(vi) You will make sure to back up all software and data residing on the Covered Device.
DURING HARDWARE SERVICE, WE OR OUR THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS WILL DELETE THE CONTENTS OF THE COVERED DEVICE AND REFORMAT THE STORAGE MEDIA.
We will return Your Covered Device or provide a similar replacement to Your Covered Device as originally configured, subject to applicable updates.
We may install OS updates as part of hardware service that will prevent the Covered Device from reverting to an earlier version of the OS.
Third party applications installed on the Covered Device may not be compatible or work with the Covered Device as a result of the OS update.
You will be responsible for reinstalling all other software programs, data and passwords.
SERVICE CONTRACT GENERAL PROVISIONS 1.
LIMITS OF LIABILITY: The maximum number of repairs or replacements under Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan is two (2) during any rolling twelve (12) month period.
No further repairs or replacements will be provided for the remainder of this period.
There are no repair or replacement limits for hardware services losses during the coverage term.
2.
ARBITRATION: Read the following arbitration provision carefully.
It limits certain rights, including Your right to obtain relief or damages through court action.
To begin Arbitration, either You or We must make a written demand to the other party for arbitration.
The Arbitration will take place before a single arbitrator.
It will be administered in keeping with the Expedited Procedures of the Commercial Arbitration Rules ("Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in effect when the claim is filed.
You may get a copy of these AAA's Rules by contacting AAA at 1633 Broadway, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10019, calling (800) 778-7879 or visiting www.adr.org.
The filing fees to begin and carry out arbitration will be shared equally between You and Us.
This does not prohibit the arbitrator from giving the winning party their fees and expenses of the arbitration.
Unless You and We agree, the arbitration will take place in the county and state where You live.
The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
§ 1, et seq., will govern and no state, local or other arbitration law will apply.
YOU AGREE AND UNDERSTAND THAT this arbitration provision means that You give up Your right to go to court on any claim covered by this provision.
You also agree that any arbitration proceeding will only consider Your Claims.
Claims by, or on behalf of, other individuals will not be arbitrated in any proceeding that is considering Your Claims.
Please refer to the State Disclosures for any added requirements in Your state.
In the event this Arbitration provision is not approved by the appropriate state regulatory agency, and/or is stricken, severed, or otherwise deemed unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, You and We specifically agree to waive and forever give up the right to a trial by jury.
Instead, in the event any litigation arises between You and Us, any such lawsuit will be tried before a judge, and a jury will not be impaneled or struck.
3.
WHAT YOU MUST DO: In order to keep this Service Contract in force during the coverage term, You must maintain the Covered Device according to the service requirements set forth by the manufacturer's specifications, including cleaning and maintenance.
It is Your responsibility to protect the Covered Device from further damage and comply with the owner's manual.
You must notify Us in writing if Your address changes.
4.
INELIGIBLE FOR COVERAGE: This Service Contract does not provide any service for property held in inventory or property held as Your stock in trade.
Enrollment in this Service Contract is only available for new eligible devices under manufacturer's warranty or, at Our discretion, certified reconditioned devices.
Devices either not registered with Us or approved for coverage by Us as outlined under Covered Device or devices not authorized or intended for sale in the United States by the device manufacturer are ineligible for benefit under this Service Contract.
Persons who have not reached the age of majority may not enroll in this Service Contract.
5.
CANCELLATION: You may cancel this Service Contract at any time for any reason either by contacting the Seller or Us at 1-833-224-6603.
If You cancel this Service Contract within the first thirty (30) days of the coverage start date, and the Price has been paid, and no claims have been paid, the Service Contract is void and You will receive a full refund.
In the event this Service Contract is cancelled after thirty (30) days or within the first thirty (30) days and You have made a claim, We will refund to You the unearned pro rata Price paid, less any claims paid up to the date of cancellation.
If this Service Contract was inadvertently sold to You on a product which was not intended to be covered by this Service Contract, We will cancel this Service Contract and return the full Price to You.
If You cancel, We are not responsible to provide You with written notice of cancellation.
If You cancel or do not renew Your service with the Seller for any reason, including nonpayment, this constitutes cancellation of the Service Contract by You, subject to the terms and conditions of this Service Contract.
We may cancel this Service Contract within the first sixty (60) days for any reason.
After sixty (60) days, We may only cancel this Service Contract for (1) nonpayment of the Price.
(2) fraud or material misrepresentation.
or (3) substantial breach of duties by You.
If We cancel due to fraud, material misrepresentation or a substantial breach of duties by You, We will provide You with written notice, with the cancellation date and the reason for cancellation, at Your last known mailing or email address (depending on Your chosen form of communication) at least thirty (30) days before cancellation.
We will refund the unearned pro-rata Price less any claims paid.
6.
TRANSFER: This Service Contract is not transferable to another individual or entity.
7.
RENEWAL: This Service Contract renews each month with Your payment of the Price unless cancelled either by You or Us during the Service Contract Term.
We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Service Contract (including Price and service fee) upon giving You at least thirty (30) days written notice prior to the date of renewal.
COMMUNICATION DEVICE PROTECTOR INSURANCE CERTIFICATE American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida A Stock Insurance Company Administrative Office: 11222 Quail Roost Drive, Miami, FL 33157-6596 ? 305.253.2244 COMMUNICATION DEVICE PROTECTOR CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE INSURING AGREEMENT We agree to provide coverage for your communications device(s) that are eligible and enrolled for coverage, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Certificate, the Group Policy ("Policy"), your purchase receipt or your service agreement and any endorsements attached to this Certificate.
Information about your coverage effective date, term, and insured product is included in your purchase receipt or the service agreement you entered into with the policyholder or your coverage confirmation.
A copy of the Policy under which this Certificate is issued is available for your inspection by contacting us at: 1-877-875-4282.
DEFINITIONS "Accidental Damage" means an unexpected and unintentional external event that results in physical damage to the insured product, including spilled liquids.
The damage shall not be foreseeable and shall be beyond your control or the control of anyone you entrusted with the insured product.
"Computer Virus" means any program, applications, scripts or code intended to contaminate or destroy data.
It includes but is not limited to any of the following: self-replicating viruses, worms, trojans, logic bombs, spyware or other malware.
It does not mean defect or programming errors, such as the inability of a program to process any naturally occurring calendar date.
"Group" means product owners who enroll in and we accept for coverage under the Policy and who also maintain mechanical and electrical breakdown coverage for the product under a service and repair program approved by us.
"Group Policyholder" ("Policyholder") means Spectrum Mobile, LLC, the organization that holds the Group Policy.
"Insured Product" ("Product") means any of the following items: 1.
your new or reconditioned Spectrum Mobile, LLC communications device(s) as listed on your Spectrum Mobile, LLC purchase receipt/service agreement/coverage confirmation or registered by you with (and approved by) us.
2.
any replacement communication device of like kind and quality provided by the policyholder, the manufacturer, or us under this Certificate.
3.
any upgrade technology of like kind and quality provided by us under this Certificate or purchased by you and approved by us.
and 4.
any standard accessories included with the original purchase of the communications device, including the device battery, SIM card and wall charger.
"Loss" means an occurrence of a Covered Cause of Loss, including but not limited to continuous or repeated exposure to substantially the same general harmful conditions to the insured product while this Certificate is in force.
"Mechanical and Electrical Breakdown" mean the failure of the insured product due to a hardware part malfunction caused by normal wear and tear when operated according to the manufacturer's instructions.
Mechanical and electrical breakdown does not include standard accessories provided with the original insured product purchase.
"Mysterious Disappearance" means the disappearance of the insured product without your knowledge as to place, time or manner of its loss.
"Nuclear Hazard" means any nuclear reaction or radiation or any radioactive contamination from any other cause.
"Pre-existing Condition" means failures or defects which you should have reasonably known to be present prior to the effective date of this Certificate.
"Product Owner," "You," and "Your" mean the person or entity whose insured product is covered by this Certificate.
"Theft" means the unlawful taking or removing of the insured product without your consent and with the intent to deprive you of the insured product.
This includes burglary and robbery.
"We," "Us," and "Our" mean American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida.
WHEN COVERAGE IS EFFECTIVE If you were provided this coverage at the same time you purchased your insured product, this coverage will take effect 12:01 a.m.
on the date you purchased your insured product and will cover your insured product through the coverage term until cancelled by either you or us.
If you were provided this coverage on a date later than the purchase of your insured product, this coverage will take effect immediately after we validate your insured's product's conditions and will cover your insured product through the coverage term or until cancelled by either you or us.
To be eligible for coverage under this Certificate, you must be a member of the group.
Your coverage under this Certificate begins upon our approval.
If approved, your coverage is retroactive to the date the coverage was provided by the policyholder.
Should we disapprove your coverage, we will notify you in writing within thirty (30) days and refund to the policyholder any premium paid.
For month-to-month coverage, you also must be an active customer of the policyholder to be covered under this Certificate.
COVERED CAUSES OF LOSS We will cover the insured product against direct and sudden loss, damage, or failure caused by: 1.
fire or lightning.
2.
windstorm or hail.
3.
explosion or smoke.
4.
riot or civil commotion.
5.
aircraft or vehicles.
6.
marine perils while on ferries and/or in cars or transfers in connection with land conveyances.
7.
volcanic eruption.
8.
vandalism or malicious mischief.
9.
theft.
10.
mysterious disappearance.
EXCLUSIONS We will not pay for loss to an insured product caused by or resulting from: 1.
acts of God not listed in the Covered Causes of Loss provision.
2.
consequential, incidental or intentional damage caused by you.
3.
misuse, abuse, neglect by you or anyone entrusted with the insured product.
4.
pre-existing conditions.
5.
rust, corrosion, mold, dust, sand, dirt, or damage from exposure to environmental conditions.
6.
insect infestation.
7.
"no problem found" diagnosis or any defects that are subject to a manufacturer's warranty.
8.
claims arising from any breach of implied or expressed warranty of merchantability or fitness of the insured product from the manufacturer or issues related to a manufacturer's recall.
9.
error or omission in design or system configuration, faulty construction or any original defect in the insured product.
10.
depreciation or obsolescence.
11.
failure to follow manufacturer's maintenance recommendations.
12.
delay or loss of market, loss of income or interruption of business.
13.
intentional and/or dishonest acts by you, or anyone else with an interest in the insured product or anyone entrusted with the insured product.
14.
voluntary parting with the insured product by you or anyone entrusted with the insured product, including if induced to do so by any fraudulent scheme, trick, device or false pretense.
15.
war, including undeclared or civil war, insurrection, rebellion, revolution.
warlike act of a military force, including action in hindering or defending against an actual or expected attack, by government, sovereign or other authority using military personnel or other agents.
16.
nuclear hazard.
17.
non-authorized repair or service, or an error in programming or instructions, or damages caused by non-authorized repair personnel.
18.
illegal trade or confiscation by any governmental authority.
19.
computer viruses.
20.
loss to property held in inventory or held as stock in trade.
21.
cosmetic damage that does not affect functionality of the insured product.
22.
accidental damage.
23.
mechanical and electrical breakdown.
Regardless of the cause of loss, this Certificate will not pay the following additional costs incurred as a result of any loss: 1.
extra expenses, programming, data reconstruction, data recovery (including contacts, ring tones and games).
2.
software or hardware that is added after the original insured product purchase.
3.
program installation or reconfiguration.
4.
costs which are recoverable under the manufacturer's warranty or a separate service and repair program that covers the insured product.
CONDITIONS Territory: The insured product will be covered anywhere in the world.
however, losses will only be adjusted in, and repairs and replacements will only be provided in, the United States, its territories or possessions, and Canada.
Duties After Loss: In the event of loss or damage, which may become a claim under this Certificate, you are required to: 1.
report all claims immediately.
This Certificate only covers those claims reported within ninety (90) days of the date of the loss.
To file a claim, you may call us toll-free at 1-877-875-4282 or visit us at www.fastclaim.com/spectrummobile.
A service representative will assist you by telephone and/or remote online support to diagnose the insured product's issue, file your claim, and if approved, arrange for any applicable repair or replacement of the insured product.
2.
send to us, within thirty (30) days after our request, or as soon as practical, your signed, sworn proof of loss which sets forth, to the best of your knowledge and belief: a.
the date, time, and cause of loss.
b.
specifications of the reported loss to the insured product.
3.
protect the insured product from further damage.
4.
notify your mobile service provider (if applicable) of the loss and disable the insured product.
5.
submit to an examination under oath, as well as an examination of the insured product either by the policyholder or us if requested.
6.
cooperate with us in the investigation or settlement of the claim.
7.
satisfy any deductible applicable to your insured product loss.
In the event of loss due to theft, vandalism or malicious mischief, a report of such loss must be made: 1.
to the applicable police authority with jurisdiction.
and 2.
as soon as reasonably possible.
Failure to report the loss or file proof of loss as stated above may result in a denial of a claim under this Certificate.
Claim Settlement Method: If the insured product suffers a covered loss, we will, at our option, repair or replace the insured product within thirty (30) days of receipt of proof of loss.
If you do not agree with our claims determination, you will receive the benefit you are entitled to receive within thirty (30) days after: 1.
a final agreement is reached between you and us.
2.
a final judgment is entered against us.
or 3.
an arbitration award is entered in your favor.
In the event of a covered loss, we will not repair or replace the insured product unless our cost will exceed the deductible applicable to the covered loss.
Repair Location: Repairs to damaged insured products will be performed at an authorized repair center determined by us.
Repairs shall normally be available and rendered during the regular working hours and work week of the product repair center.
Replacement Option: At our option, we may either: 1.
replace the insured product with a new, refurbished, or certified replacement product of like kind and quality to the insured product at the time of loss if we are unable to repair the insured product or where the repair cost exceeds the current retail replacement value of the insured product.
While we will try to accommodate specific replacement preferences such as device color, cosmetics, or features, this request is not guaranteed.
The price of the replacement product shall not exceed the maximum replacement value of the insured product less any applicable deductible.
If we replace the insured product, we will provide you with the replacement product.
or 2.
issue a credit equal to the replacement product price, not to exceed the maximum replacement value of the insured product less any applicable deductible.
The credit, with your authorization, will be deposited in your account with the policyholder and may be used by you toward the purchase of any communications device of your choice.
or 3.
provide a monetary settlement equal to the replacement product price, not to exceed the maximum replacement value of the insured product less any applicable deductible.
When you receive the replacement product, credit, or settlement, the original insured product will become our property.
You are responsible for returning the original insured product to us including any subsequent shipping costs such as express or expedited shipping, or any reshipping expenses.
Once we receive the original insured product, we will inspect the unit and validate that the reported loss is covered under this Certificate.
Should we determine that the loss resulted from an exclusion to this Certificate, we will contact you with our findings and arrange either to: 1.
charge to you the difference between the price of the replacement product, credit, or settlement and the current market value of the original insured product.
or 2.
return to you the original insured product and charge you the price of the replacement product, credit, or monetary settlement.
or 3.
return to you the original insured product after we receive the replacement product, credit, or settlement.
The returned replacement product must be in the same condition that we sent it to you.
Maximum Replacement Value: A per claim limit of U.S.
$1,500.00 applies to each Covered loss to repair or replace the insured product.
Aggregate Limit of Liability: A maximum of two (2) insured product replacement(s) or repair(s) will be allowed in any one twelve (12) month period based on the date of first replacement or repair.
No further replacement(s) or repair(s) will be provided for the remainder of this period.
Reinstatement of Limit After Loss: The maximum replacement value will not be reduced by the settlement of any claim.
Deductible: You will be assessed a non-refundable deductible each time there is a claim settlement.
Deductible Schedule: Please see the Deductible Schedule for your deductible amount.
<b>
</b>
<b>Tier 1</b>
<b>Tier 2</b>
<b>Tier 3</b>
<b>Tier 4</b>Deductible$50$150$199$280 Unrecovered Equipment Fee: If the original insured product is not returned to us within thirty (30) calendar days from the date we ship the replacement product to you, we will charge you a non-refundable Unrecovered Equipment Fee.
Please see the Unrecovered Equipment Fee Schedule for your equipment group.
Unrecovered Equipment Fee Schedule: <b>
</b>
<b>Tier 1</b>
<b>Tier 2</b>
<b>Tier 3</b>
<b>Tier 4</b>Up to$1,500$1,500$1,500$1,500 Salvage: If we settle a claim on the insured product and the product owner or we recover the insured product: 1.
the benefit of recovery will be ours up to the total value of our settlement.
and 2.
we will retain all salvage value of the recovered property until we have been fully reimbursed for our settlement.
Subrogation: If we become liable for payment under this Certificate, you will: 1.
assign to us your rights of recovery against any: a.
person.
or b.
organization.
2.
give us whatever assistance that: a.
is in your power.
and b.
we require to secure such rights.
and 3.
do nothing after the loss to prejudice our rights.
Waiver or Change of Certificate Provisions: A waiver or change of a provision of this Certificate must be in writing by us to be valid.
Assignment: This Certificate may not be assigned to another person or entity without our written consent.
We will have no liability under this Certificate in the case of assignment without such written consent.
Other Insurance: This Certificate provides primary coverage in the event the insured product is insured under any other policy or certificate.
Legal Action Against Us: No legal action may be brought against us unless: 1.
there has been full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Certificate.
and 2.
the action is brought within two (2) years after you have knowledge of the loss.
Certificate Cancellation by You: You may cancel this Certificate by: 1.
mailing or delivering to us advance written notice of cancellation.
or 2.
returning the Certificate to us.
If you notify us within the first thirty (30) days from the effective date and no claims have been filed, we will cancel the Certificate as of the effective date and refund any premium paid to the policyholder.
If you notify us within the first thirty (30) days from the effective date and have submitted a claim against this Certificate, no refund will be made to the policyholder.
If you cancel this Certificate after the first thirty (30) days from the effective date, any unearned premium will be calculated pro rata and one day equals one month of earned premium.
Any applicable refund will be paid to the policyholder.
If you cancel or do not renew your service with the policyholder for any reason or are no longer a member of the covered group, this constitutes cancellation of this Certificate by you.
Any unearned premium will be calculated pro rata and refunded to the policyholder.
Certificate Cancellation by Us: 1.
We may cancel or nonrenew this Certificate by mailing or delivering written notice stating the reason for cancellation or nonrenewal to your mailing address last known to us or as otherwise authorized by you, including the effective date of cancellation or nonrenewal at least: a.
thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of this Certificate if this Certificate has been in effect for sixty (60) days or less b.
sixty (60) days prior to the effective date of this Certificate if this Certificate has been in effect for more than sixty (60) days .
If we cancel or nonrenew, proof of mailing will be sufficient proof of notice.
We will calculate any unearned premium pro rata and one day will equal one month earned premium.
Any applicable refund will be refunded to the policyholder.
2.
If this Certificate has been in effect for more than sixty (60) days, we may cancel or nonrenew only for one or more of the following reasons: a.
nonpayment of premium by the policyholder.
b.
if this Certificate was obtained by misrepresentation or fraud.
c.
any act which measurably increases the risk originally accepted.
d.
you violate any terms and conditions of this Certificate.
e.
certification to the Director of the state Department of Insurance of the loss of reinsurance by the insurer that provided coverage to us or a substantial part of the underlying risk insured.
f.
a determination by the Director of the State Department of Insurance that the continuation of the Policy could place us in violation of the insurance laws of this state.
Termination: Coverage under this Certificate will terminate on the date of cancellation of the Policy or when you are no longer a member of the covered group.
Any unearned premium will be calculated pro rata and refunded to the policyholder.
Continuous renewal: Contingent upon payment of the premium by the policyholder, the Certificate documents originally issued to you will remain in effect.
Concealment, Misrepresentation or Fraud: We will not pay for a loss if you at any time intentionally conceal or misrepresent a material fact concerning: 1.
this Certificate.
2.
the insured product, including the value of such product reported to us.
3.
your interest in the insured product.
or 4.
a claim under this Certificate.
Physical Environment: You agree to take due care to maintain a physical environment (levels of temperature, humidity, dust) in keeping with the recommendations of the manufacturer of the insured product.
Arbitration: READ THE FOLLOWING ARBITRATION PROVISION ("PROVISION") CAREFULLY.
IT LIMITS CERTAIN OF YOUR RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND TO OBTAIN REDRESS THROUGH COURTS.
As used in this arbitration provision, "You" and "Your" mean the policyholder or policyholders, insureds, or additional insureds, and all of his/her heirs, survivors, assigns and representatives.
"We" and "Us" mean American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida.
Any and all claims, disputes, or controversies of any nature whatsoever (whether in contract, tort or otherwise), including statutory, common law, fraud (whether by misrepresentation or by omission) or other intentional tort, property, or equitable claims arising out of, relating to, or in connection with (1) this Policy or Certificate or any prior Policy or Certificate issued by Us to You, (2) any credit, loan or purchase transaction in connection with which this Policy or Certificate or any prior Policy or Certificate was issued by Us to You, or (3) the validity, scope, interpretation, or enforceability of this provision or of the entire Policy or Certificate ("claim"), shall be resolved by binding arbitration before a single arbitrator.
Unless You and We mutually agree on an alternative, the arbitration will take place in the county and state where You live.
All arbitrations shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with its expedited procedures of the commercial arbitration rules of the AAA in effect at the time the claim is filed.
The terms of this provision shall control any inconsistency between the AAA's rules and this provision.
You may obtain a copy of the AAA's rules by calling 1-800-778-7879.
Upon written request, We will advance to You either all or part of the fees of the AAA and of the arbitrator after You have been unsuccessful in obtaining a waiver of fees and costs from the AAA.
The arbitrator will decide whether You or We will be responsible for these fees.
The arbitrator shall apply relevant substantive federal and state law and applicable statutes of limitations and shall provide written, reasoned findings of fact and conclusions of law.
This arbitration provision is part of a transaction involving interstate commerce and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
§ 1 et seq.
If any portion of this arbitration provision is deemed invalid or unenforceable, it shall not invalidate the remaining portions of the arbitration provision, except that in no event shall this arbitration provision be amended or construed to permit arbitration on behalf of a group or class.
For the purpose of this arbitration provision, American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida shall be deemed to include all of its affiliates, successors and assigns, including but not limited to American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida, their respective principals, partners, officers and directors, and all of the dealers, licensees, agents, and employees of any of the foregoing entities.
This arbitration provision shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on You and each of the aforementioned persons and entities.
This provision shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Policy or Certificate.
No Class Actions/No Joinder of Parties: You agree that any arbitration proceeding will only consider Your claims.
Claims by, or on behalf of, other individuals will not be arbitrated in any proceeding that is considering Your claims.
You also agree that You will not join with others to bring claims in the same arbitration proceeding unless all such persons are named on Your Policy or Certificate.
YOU AND WE UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BECAUSE OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, NEITHER YOU NOR WE WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO GO TO COURT EXCEPT AS PROVIDED ABOVE, OR TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL, OR TO PARTICIPATE AS ANY MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS PERTAINING TO ANY CLAIM.
Liberalization: If we adopt any revision which would broaden the coverage under this Certificate without additional premium within sixty (60) days prior to, or during the coverage period, the broadened coverage will immediately apply to this Certificate.
Changes: Certificate documents originally issued will remain in effect unless revised documents are issued to you.
We retain the right to revise the Certificate at any time and adjust the coverage terms including the premium and the deductible.
In the event of a material change, you will be provided at least thirty (30) days' advance written notice of such changes.
You may cancel coverage at any time without penalty, but if the policyholder continues to pay premiums after a change in premiums, coverage terms or the deductible, you will be bound by those changes.
Conformity to Statute: We agree that any terms of this Certificate not in compliance with applicable law are conformed to comply with such laws.
If any portions of this Certificate are deemed invalid or unenforceable, it shall not invalidate the remaining portions of this Certificate.
UPGRADE SPECTRUM MOBILE UPGRADE PROGRAM TERMS AND CONDITIONS PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND YOUR RIGHTS AS AN EQUIPMENT INSTALLATION PLAN BORROWER OR AUTHORIZED USER AND PARTICIPANT IN THE UPGRADE PROGRAM.
BY PARTICIPATING IN THE UPGRADE PROGRAM, YOU ENTER INTO A BINDING AGREEMENT WITH CWORK SOLUTIONS LP, WITH OFFICES AT 625 WILLOW SPRINGS LANE, YORK, PA 17406 AND AGREE TO ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OUTLINED BELOW.
1.
Definitions.
Credit: The Quote or revalued quote amount credited to You for Your Eligible Device at the time of upgrade.
Device: The cellular device or electronics that are subject to the EIP.
Eligible Device: A Device that is eligible for upgrade benefits under the Upgrade Program.
EIP: The Equipment Installation Plan that allows You to make monthly payments toward the purchase of Your Device.
Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan: The Spectrum Mobile wireless service plan that provides additional coverage for Your Device and is inclusive of the Upgrade Program.
Quote or revalued quote: The value, based on Your Device condition, that CWork will pay to purchase Your Device under the Upgrade Program.
Terms and Conditions: The provisions of this agreement that govern the Upgrade Program.
Upgrade Program: A program included in the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan designed for Spectrum Mobile customers who have purchased a new Device under an EIP from Spectrum Mobile for use on Spectrum Mobile's network that provides for Device upgrade services.
You and Your: The borrower under the Equipment Installation Plan for the Device covered by the program.
2.
Certification.
By enrolling in the Upgrade Program, You certify that: a) You are over the age of eighteen (18) and are free to enter into this agreement.
b) You are lawfully the borrower under the EIP for the Eligible Device.
c) You agree to surrender ownership rights to Your Eligible Device when You turn it in for an upgrade, and understand that CWork is under no obligation to return that Device to You.
d) You agree to provide CWork with the information necessary for CWork to remit the Credit for Your benefit to Spectrum Mobile or its assignee creditor.
3.
Eligibility.
a) Program Eligibility.
You must have a Spectrum Mobile Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan plan, have purchased an Eligible Device from Spectrum Mobile with an EIP, be enrolled in the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan no later than thirty (30) days from purchase date of the Eligible Device, and regularly pay the monthly Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan charge when due.
You must also be current and in good standing with these Upgrade Program Terms and Conditions and the Spectrum Mobile Agreements, defined in Section 8.
b) Device Eligibility.
The Eligible Device must (i) match the IMEI number identified on the EIP or, at CWork's discretion, any replacement devices provided by Spectrum Mobile or the manufacturer.
(ii) power on and operate in a manner consistent with the original manufacturer's specifications for both hardware and software.
and (iii) be free from liquid damage and screen cracks.
A condition of "Good Working Order" will be determined by CWork in its reasonable discretion.
You must have paid a minimum of 50% of the EIP balance for the Device and have 12 months of service after the Device purchase to be eligible for upgrade.
4.
Program Term.
The Upgrade Program operates on a month-to-month basis as part of the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan through Spectrum Mobile.
Your right to receive benefits are contingent upon Your continued compliance with the eligibility criteria for the Upgrade Program in Section 3.
Your participation in the Upgrade Program will be continuous until such a time as the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan is cancelled either by You or Spectrum Mobile, as outlined in Section 10.
5.
How to Request Program Benefits.
You may request upgrade benefits in the manner Spectrum Mobile makes available to You, which are subject to change.
These may include contacting an agent at: a) a participating Spectrum Mobile location.
b) Spectrum Mobile at 1-833-224-6603.
or c) online via the Spectrum Mobile website at spectrummobile.com.
After the upgrade process is initiated, You must turn in Your Eligible Device through an approved channel described in Section 6 to receive Credit.
6.Upgrade and Evaluation Process.
To upgrade Your Eligible Device under the Upgrade Program, You must surrender the Eligible Device and its battery to CWork via one of the available channels, which may include In-Store, Self-Certify or any other channel identified by Spectrum Mobile from time to time.
If In-Store or Self-Certify options are available, You must surrender the Eligible Device as follows: In-Store: If You conduct Your Spectrum Mobile upgrade at a participating Spectrum Mobile store and an authorized Spectrum Mobile representative determines that Your Eligible Device is in Good Working Order, You will turn over Your Eligible Device to Spectrum Mobile.
CWork will then remit Your Credit equal to the Quote to Spectrum Mobile to be applied in accordance with the Application of Credit section of these Terms and Conditions.
If the Spectrum Mobile representative reasonably determines that the Eligible Device is not in Good Working Order, You may file a claim for a replacement device under the Spectrum Mobile Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan.
If Your claim for a replacement device is approved and You have paid the applicable deductible, You may use the replacement device as Your Eligible Device for Your Upgrade Program benefit.
The replacement device's IMEI will be updated on Your EIP Agreement.
If You file a claim that is approved and completed under the Spectrum Mobile Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan and begin the upgrade process using Your replacement device, the claim will count towards the Spectrum Mobile Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan's benefit limits.
Self-Certify: If You upgrade at a participating Spectrum Mobile Store and decide to wait to turn in Your Eligible Device, or process Your request for upgrade over the phone or online, You must ship Your Eligible Device to CWork to be received within twenty-one (21) days from the date of the upgrade transaction acceptance per the directions provided to You or You may be subject to an unrecovered equipment fee.
Your Eligible Device must be properly shipped to avoid damage during transit.
CWork will adjust the Quote (revalued quote) provided to You during the self-certification process based upon its evaluation of quality and condition on receipt.
CWork will remit Your Credit equal to the Quote or revalued quote to Spectrum Mobile to be applied in accordance with the Application of Credit section of these Terms and Conditions.
Application of Credit: Your Credit will be applied within 3 billing cycles at Spectrum Mobile's sole discretion to one of the following: (a) the EIP for the Eligible Device.
(b) Your new Device or accessory purchase.
or (c) Your Spectrum Mobile account as a bill credit.
In our sole discretion, in lieu of a credit applied by Spectrum Mobile, CWork may issue You a check for the amount of the Credit.
If You ship a Device that matches the IMEI on Your EIP Agreement directly to CWork for an upgrade benefit under the Upgrade Program, but CWork finds that it is not in Good Working Order, the Device will not be considered an Eligible Device.
We will contact You and assist You with filing a claim for a replacement device under the Spectrum Mobile Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan.
If Your claim for a replacement device is approved and You have paid the applicable deductible, You may use the replacement device as Eligible Device for Your Upgrade Program benefit.
Ineligible Devices: If You ship a Device to CWork and the IMEI does not match the one identified on Your EIP or, at CWork's discretion, any replacement devices provided by Spectrum Mobile or the manufacturer, the Device will not be considered an Eligible Device, shipping such a Device to CWork will not entitle You to any upgrade benefits, and THE DEVICE WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO YOU.
Your shipment of such a Device to CWork constitutes Your agreement to process Your Device under Spectrum Mobile's Trade-in Program terms and conditions.
Please see the Trade-in Program terms and conditions at https://spectrum.cs.assurantdevice.com/terms for details.
7.
Data Security.
It is solely Your responsibility to protect and secure any information that is stored on Your Device.
You are responsible for removing data and personal information including, but not limited to, SIM cards, memory cards, passwords, contacts, emails, pictures and calendars.
Consult the user's guide to learn how to erase or remove such information.
You may keep Your removable memory card.
You must reset Your Device to factory settings and disable any passwords or locking features such as Find My iPhone.
Failing to do so will make the Device ineligible for an upgrade.
8.
Applicability.
This agreement is supplemental to, and separate from, any other agreements You may have with Spectrum Mobile including, but not limited to, its wireless Services Agreement, Spectrum Mobile Terms and Conditions, and the EIP (collectively the "Spectrum Mobile Agreements").
To the extent that these Terms and Conditions conflict with any other provision of any other terms and conditions of the Spectrum Mobile Agreements, the provision(s) in the Spectrum Mobile Agreements shall apply.
9.
Transferability and Availability.
This Agreement is non-transferable.
The Upgrade Program is available only in the United States.
10.
Cancellation.
The Upgrade Program is a program included in the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan and may not be canceled without cancellation of the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan.
Please see the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan terms and conditions at fastclaim.com/spectrummobile for details.
If You or Spectrum Mobile cancel Your enrollment in Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan for any reason, You are no longer eligible for benefits or coverage under the Upgrade Program for the Eligible Device and may not re-enroll the same Eligible Device at a later date.
CWork reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions or to cancel the Upgrade Program in its entirety at any time, at Our sole discretion.
If We materially change the Upgrade Program or these Terms and Conditions in a manner that is materially adverse to You, We will provide You with at least 30 days' written notice of the effective date of the change.
In the event the Upgrade Program is cancelled in its entirety by CWork and You are currently eligible for an upgrade, You may receive one benefit under the Upgrade Program prior to the effective date of the cancellation.
Cancellation will be effective even if You do not use the upgrade benefit.
11.
Waiver of Liability.
IN NO EVENT SHALL CWORK OR SPECTRUM MOBILE OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES arising out of, from, or related to the participation by You in the Upgrade Program regardless of the form of action (including, but not limited to, negligence) and regardless as to whether CWork or Spectrum Mobile has been advised of the possibility of any such loss or damage.
In the event a court of competent jurisdiction finds this Section unenforceable, You agree that the extent of CWork's or Spectrum Mobile's liability shall be no more than one hundred dollars ($100.00).
12.
Independent Contractor.
The Upgrade Program in no way constitutes or gives rise to a partnership, joint venture or other relationship between CWork and Spectrum Mobile.
CWork operates under these Terms and Conditions as an independent contractor and not as an agent for Spectrum Mobile.
13.
Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify and hold CWork and Spectrum Mobile and their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees harmless from any claims or demands, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third parties due to, connected to, or arising out of, the breach of this agreement, any acts or omissions, or violation of any law or the rights of any third party by You.
14.
Dispute Resolution.
You understand that Charter Communications, Inc.
not a party to this agreement, and that any disputes that may arise with Charter Communications, Inc.
are governed by Your agreement(s) with Charter Communications, Inc.
including, and not limited to, the Dispute Resolution and Arbitration provision set forth under the heading "Binding Arbitration" in Your Customer Agreement with Charter Communications, Inc.
15.
Mandatory Arbitration Provision.
READ THE FOLLOWING ARBITRATION PROVISION ("PROVISION") CAREFULLY.
IT LIMITS AND WAIVES CERTAIN RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO OBTAIN RELIEF OR DAMAGES THROUGH COURT ACTION.
To begin Arbitration, either You or We must make a written demand to the other party for arbitration.
All arbitrations shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with its Consumer Arbitration Rules ("Rules") in effect at the time the claim is filed.
You may obtain a copy of the Rules by calling 1-800-778-7879.
Unless You and We otherwise agree, the arbitration will take place in the county and state where You live.
We will advance to You either all or part of the fees of the AAA and of the arbitrator.
The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
§ 1, et seq., will govern and no state, local or other arbitration law will apply.
IF ANY PORTION OF THIS PROVISION IS DEEMED INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE, IT SHALL NOT INVALIDATE THE REMAINING PORTIONS OF THE PROVISION, EXCEPT THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL THIS PROVISION BE AMENDED OR CONSTRUED TO PERMIT CLASS ARBITRATION OR ARBITRATION ON BEHALF OF ANY INDIVIDUAL OTHER THAN YOU.
You agree that any arbitration proceeding will only consider Your claims.
Claims by or on behalf of other individuals will not be arbitrated in any proceeding that is considering Your claims.
YOU AND WE UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BECAUSE OF THIS PROVISION, NEITHER YOU NOR WE WILL HAVE THE RIGHT, EXCEPT AS MAY BE PROVIDED ABOVE, TO GO TO COURT, OR TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL, OR TO PARTICIPATE AS ANY MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS PERTAINING TO ANY CLAIM.
California Residents Only - Notwithstanding any other terms of the Provision, which otherwise fully apply, Claims seeking statutorily authorized injunctive relief that, if granted, would have the primary purpose and effect of prohibiting unlawful acts that threaten future injury to the general public may be arbitrated.
16.
Notice.
You expressly consent to be contacted, for any and all purposes, at any telephone number, or physical or electronic address You provide at the time of Your Upgrade Program enrollment.
All notices or requests pertaining to these Terms and Conditions will be in writing and may be sent by any reasonable means including, e.g., by mail, email, facsimile, text message or recognized commercial overnight courier.
Notices to You are considered delivered when sent to Your Device or by email or fax number You provided, or three (3) days after mailing to Your billing address.
17.
Waiver.
Severability.
The failure of either party to require performance by the other party of any provision of these Terms and Conditions will not affect the full right to require such performance at any time thereafter.
nor will the waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of these Terms and Conditions be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law so held by applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity will not render these Terms and Conditions unenforceable or invalid as a whole and in such event, such provisions will be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of such unenforceable or invalid provision within the limits of applicable law or applicable court decisions.
<p>Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan Agreement - Android</p> There may be different or additional terms based on your state.
Your specific terms and conditions will be included in your Welcome Kit.
For an Android device, refer to the Android Devices Service Contract, Communication Device Protector Insurance Certificate and Upgrade documents.
ANDROID DEVICES SERVICE CONTRACT To request a sample copy of the terms and conditions specific to your state call 1-866-450-5185 SPECTRUM MOBILE PROTECTION PLAN TERMS AND CONDITIONS This Service Contract is not a contract of insurance.
Unless otherwise regulated under state law, the contents of this Service Contract should be interpreted and understood within the meaning of a "service contract" in Public Law #93 637.
This Service Contract is issued to You and conforms with the terms and conditions below.
It includes these Terms and Conditions, any state specific disclosures, any other applicable disclosures, as well as Your Service Contract enrollment / coverage confirmation and Covered Device purchase receipts.
This Service Contract must be available for inspection when You require service.
THIS SERVICE CONTRACT TERM INCLUDES THE MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY.
LOSSES COVERED BY THE MANUFACTURER DURING THE MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY PERIOD ARE COVERED BY THE MANUFACTURER.
THIS SERVICE CONTRACT PROVIDES ADDITIONAL BENEFITS DURING THIS COVERAGE TERM.
LOOK FIRST TO YOUR MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY FOR COVERAGE.
IF ANY PART OF YOUR MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY OVERLAPS WITH THIS COVERAGE, THIS SERVICE CONTRACT IS SECONDARY TO YOUR MANUFACTURER'S WARRANTY COVERAGE.
DEFINITIONS Administrator means the entity responsible for managing the benefits and services outlined in this Service Contract.
The Service Contract Administrator is The Signal in all states, except in Oklahoma where the Service Contract Administrator is The Signal, L.P.
The address and phone number of each Service Contract Administrator is 676 E.
Swedesford Road, Suite 300, Wayne, PA 19087, 1 877-875-4282.
OEM means the entity that manufactured Your Covered Device.
Covered Device means Your Spectrum Mobile eligible device You purchased from the Seller when You enrolled in this Service Contract and its accompanying accessories contained in their original packaging or any certified replacement devices provided by Your OEM, or Us as well as any upgrade device purchased or leased by You and registered with (and approved by) Us as an eligible Covered Device.
Price means the consideration paid by You for this Service Contract.
Provider means the entity that is contractually obligated to You under the terms of this Service Contract.
The Service Contract Provider is Federal Warranty Service Corporation in all states except in California where the Provider is Sureway, Inc..
in Florida where the Service Contract Provider is United Service Protection, Inc., and in Oklahoma where the Service Contract Provider is Assurant Service Protection, Inc.
The address and phone number of each Service Contract Provider is P.O.
Box 105689, Atlanta, GA 30348 5689, 1 877-875-4282.
Seller is Spectrum Mobile, LLC, 400 Atlantic Street, Stamford, CT 06901, the entity that sold the Service Contract to You.
Service Contract means this Service Contract in which You enrolled Your Covered Device identified on Your Service Contract enrollment / coverage confirmation.
Service Contract Term means the coverage timeframe from when Your coverage under this Service Contract begins to when Your coverage ends.
You/Your means the owner or lessee of the Covered Device under this Service Contract.
We / Our / Us means the Service Contract Provider or its Administrator (including any contracted third party providers).
SERVICES PROVIDED UNDER THIS SERVICE CONTRACT 1.
Service Provision.
We may subcontract or assign delivery for elements of Our obligations under this Service Contract to third parties, including the OEM.
however, this does not relieve Us of Our obligations under this Service Contract.
Authorized third party providers may collect the needed information from You to setup Your service and to fulfill the obligations on Our behalf.
2.
When Coverage Begins and Ends.
Coverage under this Service Contract begins when You purchase Your new Covered Device and enroll in the Service Contract as identified as the Coverage Start Date on Your Service Contract enrollment / coverage confirmation.
The Service Contract Term is continuous month to month until cancelled by either You or Us.
3.
What is Covered? 3.1 Hardware Service.
If during the Service Contract Term, You submit a valid claim on the Covered Device to notify Us that (i) a defect in materials and workmanship has arisen, or (ii) the capacity of the battery to hold an electrical charge is less than eighty percent (80%) of its original specifications, We will arrange a service event to either: (i) repair the defect, using new or refurbished parts that are equivalent to new in performance and reliability, or (ii) exchange the Covered Device, with a replacement that is new or equivalent to new in performance and reliability.
All replacements provided under this Service Contract will, at a minimum, be functionally equivalent to the original Covered Device.
If We exchange the Covered Device, the original becomes Our property and the replacement becomes Your property, with coverage for the replacement device effective for the remaining portion of the Service Contract Term.
There is no service fee for Hardware Service repairs or replacements.
3.2 Accidental Damage from Handling.
If during the Service Contract Term, You submit a valid claim on the Covered Device to notify Us of a failure due to accidental damage from handling ("ADH"), We will, subject to the service fee described below, either (i) repair the defect using new or refurbished parts that are equivalent to new in performance and reliability, or (ii) exchange the Covered Device with a replacement product that is new or equivalent to new in performance and reliability.
ADH coverage only applies to an operational or mechanical failure caused by an accident from handling that is the result of an unexpected and unintentional external event (for example, drops and damage caused by liquid contact other than as a result of defect in material or workmanship) that arises from Your normal daily usage of the Covered Device as intended.
We may ask You to provide an explanation of where and when the accident occurred with a detailed description of the actual event.
We will deny the claim if You fail to pay the service fee or fail to provide information relating to the accident when asked.
You will be assessed a non refundable service fee each time an ADH repair or replacement is completed.
Service Fee Schedule:<br>Tier 1Tier 2Tier 3Tier 4Screen Only ADH Repair$40$99$99$99All Other ADH Repairs or Replacements$40$99$99$99 3.3 Technical Support.
During the Service Contract Term, We will provide You with access to telephone and web based technical support resources.
Technical support may include assistance with installation, launch, configuration, troubleshooting, and recovery (except for data recovery), including storing, retrieving, and managing files.
interpreting system error messages.
and determining when hardware service is required or ADH coverage may be applicable.
We will provide support for the then current version of software released by the device manufacturer.
At our discretion, we may provide support for prior versions of software.
3.4 Scope of Technical Support.
Under the Service Contract, We will provide technical support for the following: (i) The Covered Device, (ii) Operating system ("OS") and software applications that are pre installed on the Covered Device ("Consumer Software"), (iii) Connectivity issues between the Covered Device and a Supported Computer.
A "Supported Computer" means a computer that meets the Covered Device's connectivity specifications and runs an operating system supported by the Covered Device.
4.
What is not Covered? 4.1 Hardware Service and ADH Coverage Area.
Hardware service and ADH coverage is/are limited to the country where You originally purchased the new Covered Device from the Seller.
4.2 Hardware Coverage and ADH Coverage.
(i) The Service Contract does not apply to setup, installation, removal or disposal of the Covered Device, or provision of equipment while the Covered Device is being serviced.
(ii) The Service Contract does not apply to damage caused by (a) a product that is not the Covered Device, (b) abuse, misuse, fire, earthquake or other external causes except as described in section 3.2 above, (c) operating the Covered Device outside the permitted or intended uses described by the manufacturer, (d) consequential damage or (e) service performed by anyone not authorized by Us.
(iii) The Service Contract does not apply to a product with a serial number that has been altered, defaced or removed, or has been modified to alter its functionality or capability without the written permission of the manufacturer.
(iv) The Service Contract does not apply to a Covered Device that has been lost or stolen or intentionally damaged, damage due to acts of God or environmental exposure.
This Service Contract only applies to a Covered Device returned to Us, in its entirety.
(v) This Service Contract does not apply to a Covered Device that has damage caused by reckless, abusive, willful or intentional conduct associated with handling and use of the Covered Device.
(vi) The Service Contract does not apply to cosmetic damage to the Covered Device, including but not limited to scratches and dents that do not otherwise affect the functionality of the Covered Device.
(vii) The Service Contract does not apply to preventative or required maintenance on the Covered Device.
(viii) The Service Contract does not apply to defects caused by normal wear and tear or which is otherwise due to normal aging of the product.
(ix) The Service Contract does not apply to a pre existing condition on any Covered Device or defects that are subject to a manufacturer's warranty or recall, and (x) This Service Contract does not apply to any other act or result not covered by the Service Contract, as described herein.
Important: Do not open the Covered Device, as damage caused as a result of opening the equipment is not covered by this Service Contract.
Only We, the OEM, or an authorized servicer approved by Us should perform service on the Covered Device.
4.3 Technical Support.
(i) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for Your use of the OS and Consumer Software as server based applications.
(ii) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for issues that could be resolved by upgrading software to the then current version.
(iii) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for third party products or their effects on or interactions with the Covered Device, the OS, or Consumer Software.
(iv) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for your use of a computer or operating system that is not related to Consumer Software or to connectivity issues with the Covered Device.
(v) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for software other than the OS or Consumer Software, as covered under the Service Contract.
(vi) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for OS software or any OEM branded software designated as "beta", "prerelease," or "preview" or similarly labeled software, and (vii) The Service Contract does not include Technical Support for damage to, or loss of any software or data that was residing or recorded on the Covered Device.
The Service Contract does not cover the recovery or reinstallation of software programs and user data.
5.
How to Obtain Service and Support? All claimed events must be reported to Us as soon as reasonably possible.
You may obtain hardware services, ADH coverage and technical support through the following means.
To arrange for service, contact Us at 1 877 875-4282 or visit Us at www.fastclaim.com/spectrummobile.
6.
Service Options.
6.1 Repairs will be performed at an authorized repair center determined by Us.
Service will be available and rendered during the regular working hours and work week of the repair centers.
Following Our diagnosis and claim approval, We will, at Our option, setup one of the following service events: (i) Carry in service.
Carry in service is available for most Covered Devices.
Deliver the Covered Device to the agreed to authorized servicer provider.
Service will be performed for You at that location, or the technician may send the Covered Device to a service center for repair.
Once notified that service is complete, You will promptly retrieve the Covered Device.
(ii) Mail in service.
Direct mail in service is available for most Covered Devices.
If We determine that your Covered Device is eligible for mail in service, We will send You a prepaid shipping label (and, if needed, packaging material) for You to ship the Covered Device to an authorized repair center according to the instructions provided by Us.
Once service is complete, We will return the Covered Device to You.
We will pay for shipping to and from Your location if You follow all instructions.
(iii) Express Replacement Service ("ERS") or do it yourself ("DIY") parts service.
ERS is available for certain Covered Devices.
DIY parts service is available for many Covered Device parts or accessories, to allow You to service Your own Covered Device.
If ERS or DIY parts service is available, the following process will apply.
(a) Service where We require return of the replaced Covered Device or part.
We may require a credit card authorization or other method to serve as security for the retail price of the replacement Covered Device or part and applicable shipping costs.
We will ship a replacement device or part to You with installation instructions, if applicable, and any requirements for the return of the replaced Covered Device or part.
If You follow the instructions, the credit card authorization will be cancelled, so You will not be charged for the replacement Covered Device or part and the shipping to and from Your location.
If You fail to return the replaced device or part as instructed or return a replaced device or part that is ineligible for service, We will charge the credit card for the authorized amount.
If You are not able to provide credit card authorization, this service may not be available to You and We will offer an alternative service option.
(b) Service where We do not require the return of the original Covered Device or part.
We will ship You free of charge a replacement Covered Device or part accompanied by instructions for installation, if applicable, and any requirements for the disposal of the replaced Covered Device or part.
Neither We nor Our third party providers are responsible for any labor costs You incur in respect to ERS or DIY parts service.
Should You require further assistance, You should contact Us, at the telephone number listed above.
6.2 We reserve the right to change the method by which We may provide repair or replacement service to You, and Your Covered Device's eligibility to receive a particular method of service.
Service will be limited to the options available from Us in the country where You request service.
Service options, parts availability and response times may vary according to country.
If service is not available for the Covered Device in a country that is not the country of purchase, You may be responsible for shipping and handling charges to facilitate service to a country where service is available.
If You seek service in a country that is not the country of purchase, You must comply with all applicable import and export laws and regulations and be responsible for all custom duties, V.A.T.
and other associated taxes and charges.
For international service, We may repair or exchange the Covered Device or its parts with a comparable device or parts that comply with the local standards of the countries where you request service.
7.
Your Responsibilities.
To receive service or support under the Service Contract, You agree to comply with each of the terms listed below.
(i) You will provide a copy of Your Service Contract's enrollment / coverage confirmation or Covered Device's serial number or IMEI, if requested.
(ii) You will provide information about the symptoms and causes of the issues with the Covered Device.
(iii) You will respond to requests for information, including but not limited to the Covered Device serial number, model, version of the operating system and software installed, any peripherals devices connected or installed on the Covered Device, any error messages displayed, the actions which were taken before the Covered Device experienced the issue and the steps taken to resolve the issue.
(iv) You will follow the instructions We give You, including but not limited to refraining from sending devices and accessories that are not subject to repair or replacement service and packing the Covered Device according to the shipping instructions.
(v) You will update software to currently published releases prior to seeking service.
(vi) You will make sure to back up all software and data residing on the Covered Device.
DURING HARDWARE SERVICE, WE OR OUR THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS WILL DELETE THE CONTENTS OF THE COVERED DEVICE AND REFORMAT THE STORAGE MEDIA.
We will return Your Covered Device or provide a similar replacement to Your Covered Device as originally configured, subject to applicable updates.
We may install OS updates as part of hardware service that will prevent the Covered Device from reverting to an earlier version of the OS.
Third party applications installed on the Covered Device may not be compatible or work with the Covered Device as a result of the OS update.
You will be responsible for reinstalling all other software programs, data and passwords.
SERVICE CONTRACT GENERAL PROVISIONS 1.
LIMITS OF LIABILITY: The maximum number of repairs or replacements under Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan is two (2) during any rolling twelve (12) month period.
No further replacements will be provided for the remainder of this period.
There are no repair or replacement limits for hardware service losses during the coverage term.
2.
ARBITRATION: Read the following arbitration provision carefully.
It limits certain rights, including Your right to obtain relief or damages through court action.
To begin Arbitration, either You or We must make a written demand to the other party for arbitration.
The Arbitration will take place before a single arbitrator.
It will be administered in keeping with the Expedited Procedures of the Commercial Arbitration Rules ("Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in effect when the claim is filed.
You may get a copy of these AAA's Rules by contacting AAA at 1633 Broadway, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10019, calling (800) 778 7879 or visiting www.adr.org.
The filing fees to begin and carry out arbitration will be shared equally between You and Us.
This does not prohibit the arbitrator from giving the winning party their fees and expenses of the arbitration.
Unless You and We agree, the arbitration will take place in the county and state where You live.
The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
§ 1, et seq., will govern and no state, local or other arbitration law will apply.
YOU AGREE AND UNDERSTAND THAT this arbitration provision means that You give up Your right to go to court on any claim covered by this provision.
You also agree that any arbitration proceeding will only consider Your Claims.
Claims by, or on behalf of, other individuals will not be arbitrated in any proceeding that is considering Your Claims.
Please refer to the State Disclosures for any added requirements in Your state.
In the event this Arbitration provision is not approved by the appropriate state regulatory agency, and/or is stricken, severed, or otherwise deemed unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, You and We specifically agree to waive and forever give up the right to a trial by jury.
Instead, in the event any litigation arises between You and Us, any such lawsuit will be tried before a judge, and a jury will not be impaneled or struck.
3.
WHAT YOU MUST DO: In order to keep this Service Contract in force during the coverage term, You must maintain the Covered Device according to the service requirements set forth by the manufacturer's specifications, including cleaning and maintenance.
It is Your responsibility to protect the Covered Device from further damage and comply with the owner's manual.
You must notify Us in writing if Your address changes.
4.
INELIGIBLE FOR COVERAGE: This Service Contract does not provide any service for property held in inventory or property held as Your stock in trade.
Enrollment in this Service Contract is only available for new eligible devices under manufacturer's warranty or, at Our discretion, certified reconditioned devices.
Devices either not registered with Us or approved for coverage by Us as outlined under Covered Device or devices not authorized or intended for sale in the United States by the device manufacturer are ineligible for benefit under this Service Contract.
Persons who have not reached the age of majority may not enroll in this Service Contract.
5.
CANCELLATION: You may cancel this Service Contract at any time for any reason either by contacting the Seller or Us at 1 833-224-6603.
If You cancel this Service Contract within the first thirty (30) days of the coverage start date, and the Price has been paid, and no claims have been paid, the Service Contract is void and You will receive a full refund.
In the event this Service Contract is cancelled after thirty (30) days or within the first thirty (30) days and You have made a claim, We will refund to You the unearned pro rata Price paid, less any claims paid up to the date of cancellation.
If this Service Contract was inadvertently sold to You on a product which was not intended to be covered by this Service Contract, We will cancel this Service Contract and return the full Price to You.
If You cancel, We are not responsible to provide You with written notice of cancellation.
If You cancel or do not renew Your service with the Seller for any reason, including nonpayment, this constitutes cancellation of the Service Contract by You, subject to the terms and conditions of this Service Contract.
We may cancel this Service Contract within the first sixty (60) days for any reason.
After sixty (60) days, We may only cancel this Service Contract for (1) nonpayment of the Price.
(2) fraud or material misrepresentation.
or (3) substantial breach of duties by You.
If We cancel due to fraud, material misrepresentation or a substantial breach of duties by You, We will provide You with written notice, with the cancellation date and the reason for cancellation, at Your last known mailing or email address (depending on Your chosen form of communication) at least thirty (30) days before cancellation.
We will refund the unearned pro rata Price less any claims paid.
6.
TRANSFER: This Service Contract is not transferable to another individual or entity.
7.
RENEWAL: This Service Contract renews each month with Your payment of the Price unless cancelled either by You or Us during the Service Contract Term.
We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Service Contract (including Price and service fee) upon giving You at least thirty (30) days written notice prior to the date of renewal.
COMMUNICATION DEVICE PROTECTOR INSURANCE CERTIFICATE American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida A Stock Insurance Company Administrative Office: 11222 Quail Roost Drive, Miami, FL 33157 6596 • 305.253.2244 COMMUNICATION DEVICE PROTECTOR CERTIFICATE OF INSURANCE INSURING AGREEMENT We agree to provide coverage for your communications device(s) that are eligible and enrolled for coverage, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Certificate, the Group Policy ("Policy"), your purchase receipt or your service agreement and any endorsements attached to this Certificate.
Information about your coverage effective date, term, and insured product is included in your purchase receipt or the service agreement you entered into with the policyholder or your coverage confirmation.
A copy of the Policy under which this Certificate is issued is available for your inspection by contacting us at: 1 877 875 4282.
DEFINITIONS "Accidental Damage" means an unexpected and unintentional external event that results in physical damage to the insured product, including spilled liquids.
The damage shall not be foreseeable and shall be beyond your control or the control of anyone you entrusted with the insured product.
"Computer Virus" means any program, applications, scripts or code intended to contaminate or destroy data.
It includes but is not limited to any of the following: self replicating viruses, worms, trojans, logic bombs, spyware or other malware.
It does not mean defect or programming errors, such as the inability of a program to process any naturally occurring calendar date.
"Group" means product owners who enroll in and we accept for coverage under the Policy and who also maintain mechanical and electrical breakdown coverage for the product under a service and repair program approved by us.
"Group Policyholder" ("Policyholder") means Spectrum Mobile, LLC, the organization that holds the Group Policy.
"Insured Product" ("Product") means any of the following items: 1.
your new or reconditioned Spectrum Mobile, LLC communications device(s) as listed on your Spectrum Mobile, LLC purchase receipt/service agreement/coverage confirmation or registered by you with (and approved by) us.
2.
any replacement communication device of like kind and quality provided by the policyholder, the manufacturer, or us under this Certificate.
3.
any upgrade technology of like kind and quality provided by us under this Certificate or purchased by you and approved by us.
and 4.
any standard accessories included with the original purchase of the communications device, including the device battery, SIM card and wall charger.
"Loss" means an occurrence of a Covered Cause of Loss, including but not limited to continuous or repeated exposure to substantially the same general harmful conditions to the insured product while this Certificate is in force.
"Mechanical and Electrical Breakdown" mean the failure of the insured product due to a hardware part malfunction caused by normal wear and tear when operated according to the manufacturer's instructions.
Mechanical and electrical breakdown does not include standard accessories provided with the original insured product purchase.
"Mysterious Disappearance" means the disappearance of the insured product without your knowledge as to place, time or manner of its loss.
"Nuclear Hazard" means any nuclear reaction or radiation or any radioactive contamination from any other cause.
"Pre existing Condition" means failures or defects which you should have reasonably known to be present prior to the effective date of this Certificate.
"Product Owner," "You," and "Your" mean the person or entity whose insured product is covered by this Certificate.
"Theft" means the unlawful taking or removing of the insured product without your consent and with the intent to deprive you of the insured product.
This includes burglary and robbery.
"We," "Us," and "Our" mean American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida.
WHEN COVERAGE IS EFFECTIVE If you were provided this coverage at the same time you purchased your insured product, this coverage will take effect 12:01 a.m.
on the date you purchased your insured product and will cover your insured product through the coverage term until cancelled by either you or us.
If you were provided this coverage on a date later than the purchase of your insured product, this coverage will take effect immediately after we validate your insured's product's conditions and will cover your insured product through the coverage term or until cancelled by either you or us.
To be eligible for coverage under this Certificate, you must be a member of the group.
Your coverage under this Certificate begins upon our approval.
If approved, your coverage is retroactive to the date the coverage was provided by the policyholder.
Should we disapprove your coverage, we will notify you in writing within thirty (30) days and refund to the policyholder any premium paid.
For month to month coverage, you also must be an active customer of the policyholder to be covered under this Certificate.
COVERED CAUSES OF LOSS We will cover the insured product against direct and sudden loss, damage, or failure caused by: 1.
fire or lightning.
2.
windstorm or hail.
3.
explosion or smoke.
4.
riot or civil commotion.
5.
aircraft or vehicles.
6.
marine perils while on ferries and/or in cars or transfers in connection with land conveyances.
7.
volcanic eruption.
8.
vandalism or malicious mischief.
9.
theft.
10.
mysterious disappearance.
EXCLUSIONS We will not pay for loss to an insured product caused by or resulting from: 1.
acts of God not listed in the Covered Causes of Loss provision.
2.
consequential, incidental or intentional damage caused by you.
3.
misuse, abuse, neglect by you or anyone entrusted with the insured product.
4.
pre existing conditions.
5.
rust, corrosion, mold, dust, sand, dirt, or damage from exposure to environmental conditions.
6.
insect infestation.
7.
"no problem found" diagnosis or any defects that are subject to a manufacturer's warranty.
8.
claims arising from any breach of implied or expressed warranty of merchantability or fitness of the insured product from the manufacturer or issues related to a manufacturer's recall.
9.
error or omission in design or system configuration, faulty construction or any original defect in the insured product.
10.
depreciation or obsolescence.
11.
failure to follow manufacturer's maintenance recommendations.
12.
delay or loss of market, loss of income or interruption of business.
13.
intentional and/or dishonest acts by you, or anyone else with an interest in the insured product or anyone entrusted with the insured product.
14.
voluntary parting with the insured product by you or anyone entrusted with the insured product, including if induced to do so by any fraudulent scheme, trick, device or false pretense.
15.
war, including undeclared or civil war, insurrection, rebellion, revolution.
warlike act of a military force, including action in hindering or defending against an actual or expected attack, by government, sovereign or other authority using military personnel or other agents.
16.
nuclear hazard.
17.
non authorized repair or service, or an error in programming or instructions, or damages caused by non authorized repair personnel.
18.
illegal trade or confiscation by any governmental authority.
19.
computer viruses.
20.
loss to property held in inventory or held as stock in trade.
21.
cosmetic damage that does not affect functionality of the insured product.
22.
accidental damage.
23.
mechanical and electrical breakdown.
Regardless of the cause of loss, this Certificate will not pay the following additional costs incurred as a result of any loss: 1.
extra expenses, programming, data reconstruction, data recovery (including contacts, ring tones and games).
2.
software or hardware that is added after the original insured product purchase.
3.
program installation or reconfiguration.
4.
costs which are recoverable under the manufacturer's warranty or a separate service and repair program that covers the insured product.
CONDITIONS Territory: The insured product will be covered anywhere in the world.
however, losses will only be adjusted in, and repairs and replacements will only be provided in, the United States, its territories or possessions, and Canada.
Duties After Loss: In the event of loss or damage, which may become a claim under this Certificate, you are required to: 1.
report all claims immediately.
This Certificate only covers those claims reported within ninety (90) days of the date of the loss.
To file a claim, you may call us toll free at 1 877 875 4282 or visit us at www.fastclaim.com/spectrummobile.
A service representative will assist you by telephone and/or remote online support to diagnose the insured product's issue, file your claim, and if approved, arrange for any applicable repair or replacement of the insured product.
2.
send to us, within thirty (30) days after our request, or as soon as practical, your signed, sworn proof of loss which sets forth, to the best of your knowledge and belief: a.
the date, time, and cause of loss.
b.
specifications of the reported loss to the insured product.
3.
protect the insured product from further damage.
4.
notify your mobile service provider (if applicable) of the loss and disable the insured product.
5.
submit to an examination under oath, as well as an examination of the insured product either by the policyholder or us if requested.
6.
cooperate with us in the investigation or settlement of the claim.
7.
satisfy any deductible applicable to your insured product loss.
In the event of loss due to theft, vandalism or malicious mischief, a report of such loss must be made: 1.
to the applicable police authority with jurisdiction.
and 2.
as soon as reasonably possible.
Failure to report the loss or file proof of loss as stated above may result in a denial of a claim under this Certificate.
Claim Settlement Method: If the insured product suffers a covered loss, we will, at our option, repair or replace the insured product within thirty (30) days of receipt of proof of loss.
If you do not agree with our claims determination, you will receive the benefit you are entitled to receive within thirty (30) days after: 1.
a final agreement is reached between you and us.
2.
a final judgment is entered against us.
or 3.
an arbitration award is entered in your favor.
In the event of a covered loss, we will not repair or replace the insured product unless our cost will exceed the deductible applicable to the covered loss.
Repair Location: Repairs to damaged insured products will be performed at an authorized repair center determined by us.
Repairs shall normally be available and rendered during the regular working hours and work week of the product repair center.
Replacement Option: At our option, we may either: 1.
replace the insured product with a new, refurbished, or certified replacement product of like kind and quality to the insured product at the time of loss if we are unable to repair the insured product or where the repair cost exceeds the current retail replacement value of the insured product.
While we will try to accommodate specific replacement preferences such as device color, cosmetics, or features, this request is not guaranteed.
The price of the replacement product shall not exceed the maximum replacement value of the insured product less any applicable deductible.
If we replace the insured product, we will provide you with the replacement product.
or 2.
issue a credit equal to the replacement product price, not to exceed the maximum replacement value of the insured product less any applicable deductible.
The credit, with your authorization, will be deposited in your account with the policyholder and may be used by you toward the purchase of any communications device of your choice.
or 3.
provide a monetary settlement equal to the replacement product price, not to exceed the maximum replacement value of the insured product less any applicable deductible.
When you receive the replacement product, credit, or settlement, the original insured product will become our property.
You are responsible for returning the original insured product to us including any subsequent shipping costs such as express or expedited shipping, or any reshipping expenses.
Once we receive the original insured product, we will inspect the unit and validate that the reported loss is covered under this Certificate.
Should we determine that the loss resulted from an exclusion to this Certificate, we will contact you with our findings and arrange either to: 1.
charge to you the difference between the price of the replacement product, credit, or settlement and the current market value of the original insured product.
or 2.
return to you the original insured product and charge you the price of the replacement product, credit, or monetary settlement.
or 3.
return to you the original insured product after we receive the replacement product, credit, or settlement.
The returned replacement product must be in the same condition that we sent it to you.
Maximum Replacement Value: A per claim limit of U.S.
$1,500.00 applies to each Covered loss to repair or replace the insured product.
Aggregate Limit of Liability: A maximum of two (2) insured product replacement(s) or repair(s) will be allowed in any one twelve (12) month period based on the date of first replacement or repair.
No further replacement(s) or repair(s) will be provided for the remainder of this period.
Reinstatement of Limit After Loss: The maximum replacement value will not be reduced by the settlement of any claim.
Deductible: You will be assessed a non refundable deductible each time there is a claim settlement.
Deductible Schedule: Please see the Deductible Schedule for your deductible amount.
  Tier 1Tier 2Tier 3Tier 4Deductible$50$150$199$280 Unrecovered Equipment Fee: If the original insured product is not returned to us within thirty (30) calendar days from the date we ship the replacement product to you, we will charge you a non-refundable Unrecovered Equipment Fee.
Please see the Unrecovered Equipment Fee Schedule for your equipment group.
Unrecovered Equipment Fee Schedule:   Tier 1Tier 2Tier 3Tier 4Up to$1,500$1,500$1,500$1,500 Salvage: If we settle a claim on the insured product and the product owner or we recover the insured product: 1.
the benefit of recovery will be ours up to the total value of our settlement.
and 2.
we will retain all salvage value of the recovered property until we have been fully reimbursed for our settlement.
Subrogation: If we become liable for payment under this Certificate, you will: 1.
assign to us your rights of recovery against any: a.
person.
or b.
organization.
2.
give us whatever assistance that: a.
is in your power.
and b.
we require to secure such rights.
and 3.
do nothing after the loss to prejudice our rights.
Waiver or Change of Certificate Provisions: A waiver or change of a provision of this Certificate must be in writing by us to be valid.
Assignment: This Certificate may not be assigned to another person or entity without our written consent.
We will have no liability under this Certificate in the case of assignment without such written consent.
Other Insurance: This Certificate provides primary coverage in the event the insured product is insured under any other policy or certificate.
Legal Action Against Us: No legal action may be brought against us unless: 1.
there has been full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of this Certificate.
and 2.
the action is brought within two (2) years after you have knowledge of the loss.
Certificate Cancellation by You: You may cancel this Certificate by: 1.
mailing or delivering to us advance written notice of cancellation.
or 2.
returning the Certificate to us.
If you notify us within the first thirty (30) days from the effective date and no claims have been filed, we will cancel the Certificate as of the effective date and refund any premium paid to the policyholder.
If you notify us within the first thirty (30) days from the effective date and have submitted a claim against this Certificate, no refund will be made to the policyholder.
If you cancel this Certificate after the first thirty (30) days from the effective date, any unearned premium will be calculated pro rata and one day equals one month of earned premium.
Any applicable refund will be paid to the policyholder.
If you cancel or do not renew your service with the policyholder for any reason or are no longer a member of the covered group, this constitutes cancellation of this Certificate by you.
Any unearned premium will be calculated pro rata and refunded to the policyholder.
Certificate Cancellation by Us: 1.
We may cancel or nonrenew this Certificate by mailing or delivering written notice stating the reason for cancellation or nonrenewal to your mailing address last known to us or as otherwise authorized by you, including the effective date of cancellation or nonrenewal at least: a.
thirty (30) days prior to the effective date of this Certificate if this Certificate has been in effect for sixty (60) days or less b.
sixty (60) days prior to the effective date of this Certificate if this Certificate has been in effect for more than sixty (60) days .
If we cancel or nonrenew, proof of mailing will be sufficient proof of notice.
We will calculate any unearned premium pro rata and one day will equal one month earned premium.
Any applicable refund will be refunded to the policyholder.
2.
If this Certificate has been in effect for more than sixty (60) days, we may cancel or nonrenew only for one or more of the following reasons: a.
nonpayment of premium by the policyholder.
b.
if this Certificate was obtained by misrepresentation or fraud.
c.
any act which measurably increases the risk originally accepted.
d.
you violate any terms and conditions of this Certificate.
e.
certification to the Director of the state Department of Insurance of the loss of reinsurance by the insurer that provided coverage to us or a substantial part of the underlying risk insured.
f.
a determination by the Director of the State Department of Insurance that the continuation of the Policy could place us in violation of the insurance laws of this state.
Termination: Coverage under this Certificate will terminate on the date of cancellation of the Policy or when you are no longer a member of the covered group.
Any unearned premium will be calculated pro rata and refunded to the policyholder.
Continuous renewal: Contingent upon payment of the premium by the policyholder, the Certificate documents originally issued to you will remain in effect.
Concealment, Misrepresentation or Fraud: We will not pay for a loss if you at any time intentionally conceal or misrepresent a material fact concerning: 1.
this Certificate.
2.
the insured product, including the value of such product reported to us.
3.
your interest in the insured product.
or 4.
a claim under this Certificate.
Physical Environment: You agree to take due care to maintain a physical environment (levels of temperature, humidity, dust) in keeping with the recommendations of the manufacturer of the insured product.
Arbitration: READ THE FOLLOWING ARBITRATION PROVISION ("PROVISION") CAREFULLY.
IT LIMITS CERTAIN OF YOUR RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND TO OBTAIN REDRESS THROUGH COURTS.
As used in this arbitration provision, "You" and "Your" mean the policyholder or policyholders, insureds, or additional insureds, and all of his/her heirs, survivors, assigns and representatives.
"We" and "Us" mean American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida.
Any and all claims, disputes, or controversies of any nature whatsoever (whether in contract, tort or otherwise), including statutory, common law, fraud (whether by misrepresentation or by omission) or other intentional tort, property, or equitable claims arising out of, relating to, or in connection with (1) this Policy or Certificate or any prior Policy or Certificate issued by Us to You, (2) any credit, loan or purchase transaction in connection with which this Policy or Certificate or any prior Policy or Certificate was issued by Us to You, or (3) the validity, scope, interpretation, or enforceability of this provision or of the entire Policy or Certificate ("claim"), shall be resolved by binding arbitration before a single arbitrator.
Unless You and We mutually agree on an alternative, the arbitration will take place in the county and state where You live.
All arbitrations shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with its expedited procedures of the commercial arbitration rules of the AAA in effect at the time the claim is filed.
The terms of this provision shall control any inconsistency between the AAA's rules and this provision.
You may obtain a copy of the AAA's rules by calling 1 800 778 7879.
Upon written request, We will advance to You either all or part of the fees of the AAA and of the arbitrator after You have been unsuccessful in obtaining a waiver of fees and costs from the AAA.
The arbitrator will decide whether You or We will be responsible for these fees.
The arbitrator shall apply relevant substantive federal and state law and applicable statutes of limitations and shall provide written, reasoned findings of fact and conclusions of law.
This arbitration provision is part of a transaction involving interstate commerce and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
§ 1 et seq.
If any portion of this arbitration provision is deemed invalid or unenforceable, it shall not invalidate the remaining portions of the arbitration provision, except that in no event shall this arbitration provision be amended or construed to permit arbitration on behalf of a group or class.
For the purpose of this arbitration provision, American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida shall be deemed to include all of its affiliates, successors and assigns, including but not limited to American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida, their respective principals, partners, officers and directors, and all of the dealers, licensees, agents, and employees of any of the foregoing entities.
This arbitration provision shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on You and each of the aforementioned persons and entities.
This provision shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Policy or Certificate.
No Class Actions/No Joinder of Parties: You agree that any arbitration proceeding will only consider Your claims.
Claims by, or on behalf of, other individuals will not be arbitrated in any proceeding that is considering Your claims.
You also agree that You will not join with others to bring claims in the same arbitration proceeding unless all such persons are named on Your Policy or Certificate.
YOU AND WE UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BECAUSE OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, NEITHER YOU NOR WE WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO GO TO COURT EXCEPT AS PROVIDED ABOVE, OR TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL, OR TO PARTICIPATE AS ANY MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS PERTAINING TO ANY CLAIM.
Liberalization: If we adopt any revision which would broaden the coverage under this Certificate without additional premium within sixty (60) days prior to, or during the coverage period, the broadened coverage will immediately apply to this Certificate.
Changes: Certificate documents originally issued will remain in effect unless revised documents are issued to you.
We retain the right to revise the Certificate at any time and adjust the coverage terms including the premium and the deductible.
In the event of a material change, you will be provided at least thirty (30) days' advance written notice of such changes.
You may cancel coverage at any time without penalty, but if the policyholder continues to pay premiums after a change in premiums, coverage terms or the deductible, you will be bound by those changes.
Conformity to Statute: We agree that any terms of this Certificate not in compliance with applicable law are conformed to comply with such laws.
If any portions of this Certificate are deemed invalid or unenforceable, it shall not invalidate the remaining portions of this Certificate.
UPGRADE SPECTRUM MOBILE UPGRADE PROGRAM TERMS AND CONDITIONS PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND YOUR RIGHTS AS AN EQUIPMENT INSTALLATION PLAN BORROWER OR AUTHORIZED USER AND PARTICIPANT IN THE UPGRADE PROGRAM.
BY PARTICIPATING IN THE UPGRADE PROGRAM, YOU ENTER INTO A BINDING AGREEMENT WITH CWORK SOLUTIONS LP, WITH OFFICES AT 625 WILLOW SPRINGS LANE, YORK, PA 17406 AND AGREE TO ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OUTLINED BELOW.
1.
Definitions.
Credit: The Quote or revalued quote amount credited to You for Your Eligible Device at the time of upgrade.
Device: The cellular device or electronics that are subject to the EIP.
Eligible Device: A Device that is eligible for upgrade benefits under the Upgrade Program.
EIP: The Equipment Installation Plan that allows You to make monthly payments toward the purchase of Your Device.
Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan: The Spectrum Mobile wireless service plan that provides additional coverage for Your Device and is inclusive of the Upgrade Program.
Quote or revalued quote: The value, based on Your Device condition, that CWork will pay to purchase Your Device under the Upgrade Program.
Terms and Conditions: The provisions of this agreement that govern the Upgrade Program.
Upgrade Program: A program included in the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan designed for Spectrum Mobile customers who have purchased a new Device under an EIP from Spectrum Mobile for use on Spectrum Mobile's network that provides for Device upgrade services.
You and Your: The borrower under the Equipment Installation Plan for the Device covered by the program.
2.
Certification.
By enrolling in the Upgrade Program, You certify that: a) You are over the age of eighteen (18) and are free to enter into this agreement.
b) You are lawfully the borrower under the EIP for the Eligible Device.
c) You agree to surrender ownership rights to Your Eligible Device when You turn it in for an upgrade, and understand that CWork is under no obligation to return that Device to You.
d) You agree to provide CWork with the information necessary for CWork to remit the Credit for Your benefit to Spectrum Mobile or its assignee creditor.
3.
Eligibility.
a) Program Eligibility.
You must have a Spectrum Mobile Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan plan, have purchased an Eligible Device from Spectrum Mobile with an EIP, be enrolled in the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan no later than thirty (30) days from purchase date of the Eligible Device, and regularly pay the monthly Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan charge when due.
You must also be current and in good standing with these Upgrade Program Terms and Conditions and the Spectrum Mobile Agreements, defined in Section 8.
b) Device Eligibility.
The Eligible Device must (i) match the IMEI number identified on the EIP or, at CWork's discretion, any replacement devices provided by Spectrum Mobile or the manufacturer.
(ii) power on and operate in a manner consistent with the original manufacturer's specifications for both hardware and software.
and (iii) be free from liquid damage and screen cracks.
A condition of "Good Working Order" will be determined by CWork in its reasonable discretion.
You must have paid a minimum of 50% of the EIP balance for the Device and have 12 months of service after the Device purchase to be eligible for upgrade.
4.
Program Term.
The Upgrade Program operates on a month-to-month basis as part of the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan through Spectrum Mobile.
Your right to receive benefits are contingent upon Your continued compliance with the eligibility criteria for the Upgrade Program in Section 3.
Your participation in the Upgrade Program will be continuous until such a time as the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan is cancelled either by You or Spectrum Mobile, as outlined in Section 10.
5.
How to Request Program Benefits.
You may request upgrade benefits in the manner Spectrum Mobile makes available to You, which are subject to change.
These may include contacting an agent at: a) a participating Spectrum Mobile location.
b) Spectrum Mobile at 1-833-224-6603.
or c) online via the Spectrum Mobile website at spectrummobile.com.
After the upgrade process is initiated, You must turn in Your Eligible Device through an approved channel described in Section 6 to receive Credit.
6.
Upgrade and Evaluation Process.
To upgrade Your Eligible Device under the Upgrade Program, You must surrender the Eligible Device and its battery to CWork via one of the available channels, which may include In-Store, Self-Certify or any other channel identified by Spectrum Mobile from time to time.
If In-Store or Self-Certify options are available, You must surrender the Eligible Device as follows: In-Store: If You conduct Your Spectrum Mobile upgrade at a participating Spectrum Mobile store and an authorized Spectrum Mobile representative determines that Your Eligible Device is in Good Working Order, You will turn over Your Eligible Device to Spectrum Mobile.
CWork will then remit Your Credit equal to the Quote to Spectrum Mobile to be applied in accordance with the Application of Credit section of these Terms and Conditions.
If the Spectrum Mobile representative reasonably determines that the Eligible Device is not in Good Working Order, You may file a claim for a replacement device under the Spectrum Mobile Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan.
If Your claim for a replacement device is approved and You have paid the applicable deductible, You may use the replacement device as Your Eligible Device for Your Upgrade Program benefit.
The replacement device's IMEI will be updated on Your EIP Agreement.
If You file a claim that is approved and completed under the Spectrum Mobile Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan and begin the upgrade process using Your replacement device, the claim will count towards the Spectrum Mobile Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan's benefit limits.
Self-Certify: If You upgrade at a participating Spectrum Mobile Store and decide to wait to turn in Your Eligible Device, or process Your request for upgrade over the phone or online, You must ship Your Eligible Device to CWork to be received within twenty-one (21) days from the date of the upgrade transaction acceptance per the directions provided to You or You may be subject to an unrecovered equipment fee.
Your Eligible Device must be properly shipped to avoid damage during transit.
CWork will adjust the Quote (revalued quote) provided to You during the self-certification process based upon its evaluation of quality and condition on receipt.
CWork will remit Your Credit equal to the Quote or revalued quote to Spectrum Mobile to be applied in accordance with the Application of Credit section of these Terms and Conditions.
Application of Credit: Your Credit will be applied within 3 billing cycles at Spectrum Mobile's sole discretion to one of the following: (a) the EIP for the Eligible Device.
(b) Your new Device or accessory purchase.
or (c) Your Spectrum Mobile account as a bill credit.
In our sole discretion, in lieu of a credit applied by Spectrum Mobile, CWork may issue You a check for the amount of the Credit.
If You ship a Device that matches the IMEI on Your EIP Agreement directly to CWork for an upgrade benefit under the Upgrade Program, but CWork finds that it is not in Good Working Order, the Device will not be considered an Eligible Device.
We will contact You and assist You with filing a claim for a replacement device under the Spectrum Mobile Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan.
If Your claim for a replacement device is approved and You have paid the applicable deductible, You may use the replacement device as Eligible Device for Your Upgrade Program benefit.
Ineligible Devices: If You ship a Device to CWork and the IMEI does not match the one identified on Your EIP or, at CWork's discretion, any replacement devices provided by Spectrum Mobile or the manufacturer, the Device will not be considered an Eligible Device, shipping such a Device to CWork will not entitle You to any upgrade benefits, and THE DEVICE WILL NOT BE RETURNED TO YOU.
Your shipment of such a Device to CWork constitutes Your agreement to process Your Device under Spectrum Mobile's Trade-in Program terms and conditions.
Please see the Trade-in Program terms and conditions at https://spectrum.cs.assurantdevice.com/terms for details.
7.
Data Security.
It is solely Your responsibility to protect and secure any information that is stored on Your Device.
You are responsible for removing data and personal information including, but not limited to, SIM cards, memory cards, passwords, contacts, emails, pictures and calendars.
Consult the user's guide to learn how to erase or remove such information.
You may keep Your removable memory card.
You must reset Your Device to factory settings and disable any passwords or locking features such as Find My iPhone.
Failing to do so will make the Device ineligible for an upgrade.
8.
Applicability.
This agreement is supplemental to, and separate from, any other agreements You may have with Spectrum Mobile including, but not limited to, its wireless Services Agreement, Spectrum Mobile Terms and Conditions, and the EIP (collectively the "Spectrum Mobile Agreements").
To the extent that these Terms and Conditions conflict with any other provision of any other terms and conditions of the Spectrum Mobile Agreements, the provision(s) in the Spectrum Mobile Agreements shall apply.
9.
Transferability and Availability.
This Agreement is non-transferable.
The Upgrade Program is available only in the United States.
10.
Cancellation.
The Upgrade Program is a program included in the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan and may not be canceled without cancellation of the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan.
Please see the Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan terms and conditions at fastclaim.com/spectrummobile for details.
If You or Spectrum Mobile cancel Your enrollment in Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan for any reason, You are no longer eligible for benefits or coverage under the Upgrade Program for the Eligible Device and may not re-enroll the same Eligible Device at a later date.
CWork reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions or to cancel the Upgrade Program in its entirety at any time, at Our sole discretion.
If We materially change the Upgrade Program or these Terms and Conditions in a manner that is materially adverse to You, We will provide You with at least 30 days' written notice of the effective date of the change.
In the event the Upgrade Program is cancelled in its entirety by CWork and You are currently eligible for an upgrade, You may receive one benefit under the Upgrade Program prior to the effective date of the cancellation.
Cancellation will be effective even if You do not use the upgrade benefit.
11.
Waiver of Liability.
IN NO EVENT SHALL CWORK OR SPECTRUM MOBILE OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AGENTS, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES arising out of, from, or related to the participation by You in the Upgrade Program regardless of the form of action (including, but not limited to, negligence) and regardless as to whether CWork or Spectrum Mobile has been advised of the possibility of any such loss or damage.
In the event a court of competent jurisdiction finds this Section unenforceable, You agree that the extent of CWork's or Spectrum Mobile's liability shall be no more than one hundred dollars ($100.00).
12.
Independent Contractor.
The Upgrade Program in no way constitutes or gives rise to a partnership, joint venture or other relationship between CWork and Spectrum Mobile.
CWork operates under these Terms and Conditions as an independent contractor and not as an agent for Spectrum Mobile.
13.
Indemnity.
You agree to indemnify and hold CWork and Spectrum Mobile and their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees harmless from any claims or demands, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third parties due to, connected to, or arising out of, the breach of this agreement, any acts or omissions, or violation of any law or the rights of any third party by You.
14.
Dispute Resolution.
You understand that Charter Communications, Inc.
not a party to this agreement, and that any disputes that may arise with Charter Communications, Inc.
are governed by Your agreement(s) with Charter Communications, Inc.
including, and not limited to, the Dispute Resolution and Arbitration provision set forth under the heading "Binding Arbitration" in Your Customer Agreement with Charter Communications, Inc.
15.
Mandatory Arbitration Provision.
READ THE FOLLOWING ARBITRATION PROVISION ("PROVISION") CAREFULLY.
IT LIMITS AND WAIVES CERTAIN RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO OBTAIN RELIEF OR DAMAGES THROUGH COURT ACTION.
To begin Arbitration, either You or We must make a written demand to the other party for arbitration.
All arbitrations shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with its Consumer Arbitration Rules ("Rules") in effect at the time the claim is filed.
You may obtain a copy of the Rules by calling 1-800-778-7879.
Unless You and We otherwise agree, the arbitration will take place in the county and state where You live.
We will advance to You either all or part of the fees of the AAA and of the arbitrator.
The Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
§ 1, et seq., will govern and no state, local or other arbitration law will apply.
IF ANY PORTION OF THIS PROVISION IS DEEMED INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE, IT SHALL NOT INVALIDATE THE REMAINING PORTIONS OF THE PROVISION, EXCEPT THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL THIS PROVISION BE AMENDED OR CONSTRUED TO PERMIT CLASS ARBITRATION OR ARBITRATION ON BEHALF OF ANY INDIVIDUAL OTHER THAN YOU.
You agree that any arbitration proceeding will only consider Your claims.
Claims by or on behalf of other individuals will not be arbitrated in any proceeding that is considering Your claims.
YOU AND WE UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BECAUSE OF THIS PROVISION, NEITHER YOU NOR WE WILL HAVE THE RIGHT, EXCEPT AS MAY BE PROVIDED ABOVE, TO GO TO COURT, OR TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL, OR TO PARTICIPATE AS ANY MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS PERTAINING TO ANY CLAIM.
California Residents Only - Notwithstanding any other terms of the Provision, which otherwise fully apply, Claims seeking statutorily authorized injunctive relief that, if granted, would have the primary purpose and effect of prohibiting unlawful acts that threaten future injury to the general public may be arbitrated.
16.
Notice.
You expressly consent to be contacted, for any and all purposes, at any telephone number, or physical or electronic address You provide at the time of Your Upgrade Program enrollment.
All notices or requests pertaining to these Terms and Conditions will be in writing and may be sent by any reasonable means including, e.g., by mail, email, facsimile, text message or recognized commercial overnight courier.
Notices to You are considered delivered when sent to Your Device or by email or fax number You provided, or three (3) days after mailing to Your billing address.
17.
Waiver.
Severability.
The failure of either party to require performance by the other party of any provision of these Terms and Conditions will not affect the full right to require such performance at any time thereafter.
nor will the waiver by either party of a breach of any provision of these Terms and Conditions be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law so held by applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity will not render these Terms and Conditions unenforceable or invalid as a whole and in such event, such provisions will be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of such unenforceable or invalid provision within the limits of applicable law or applicable court decisions.
<p>Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan Trade-In Terms</p> TERMS AND CONDITIONS THE TRADE-IN PROGRAM ("PROGRAM") IS GOVERNED BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS TO CAREFULLY UNDERSTAND YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS FOR PARTICIPATING IN THIS PROGRAM.
IF YOU PARTICIPATE IN THIS PROGRAM, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
1.
PROGRAM DESCRIPTION (Generally).
CWork Solutions, LP ("CWork") extends to You ("You," "Your") an opportunity to participate in the Trade-in Program.
Under this Program, Spectrum Mobile, or its authorized retailer, will inquire whether You would consider selling Your Device to CWork.
You are under no obligation to sell Your Device.
If You are willing to sell Your Device, Spectrum Mobile, or its authorized retailer, on behalf of CWork, will communicate the Quote.
If You accept the Quote and all other conditions are satisfied, Spectrum Mobile, on behalf of CWork, will Credit Your account.
The Credit, in Spectrum Mobile's sole discretion, will be applied to existing Equipment Installment Plan(s) ("EIP") or down payment balance(s), the purchase of goods (new Devices or accessories), and/or services provided by Spectrum Mobile.
Certain capitalized words are defined below in Section 20.
2.
APPLICABILITY.
These Program Terms and Conditions ("Program T&amp;Cs") supplement other terms and conditions, including Spectrum Mobile offers, or service agreement(s) You may have with Spectrum Mobile (collectively "Spectrum Mobile Agreements").
To the extent that these Program T&amp;Cs conflict with any other Spectrum Mobile Agreements' terms and conditions, the provision(s) in the Spectrum Mobile Agreements, not these Program T&amp;Cs, shall apply.
3.
PARTICIPANT ELIGIBILITY.
To participate in this Program, You must be a new or current Spectrum Mobile subscriber with a qualifying transaction, which includes activations, adding a line to an existing agreement or upgrades with a Device purchase.
4.
PROGRAM LIMITATIONS.
You are permitted to sell one Device per active line at the time You activate or upgrade a new line of service.
5.
QUOTE PREREQUISITES.
Your Device must satisfy the Program's Eligibility Criteria to receive the Quote.
This is determined by Your responses to eligibility questions.
If You choose to sell Your Device to CWork: (A) In store, a representative must inspect Your Device to confirm Your responses are accurate.
(B) Over the Web, You must answer the eligibility questions on the Program Web Page.
or (C) Over the phone, a Spectrum Mobile representative may record Your responses to the eligibility questions.
6.
QUOTE AND CREDIT AT A RETAIL STORE.
If (A) Your Device satisfies the Eligibility Criteria.
(B) You accept the Quote.
and (C) You relinquish Your Device, You will immediately receive a Credit with a dollar amount equal to the Quote.
7.
QUOTE AND BILL CREDIT.
If You accept the Quote in store and defer surrender of Your Device, or if You sell your Device over the Web or phone, CWork will honor the Quote if: (A) Your Device is received by the Quote Expiration Date.
and (B) Your Device satisfies the Eligibility Criteria, as validated by CWork upon receipt.
You will receive an Spectrum Mobile Credit.
8.
DEVICE REVALUATION.
If You do not surrender Your Device in store, or if You made Your qualifying transaction over the Web or phone, You must ship Your Device before the Quote Expiration Date.
Devices not received by the Quote Expiration Date will be reevaluated and assigned the Quote on the date of receipt by CWork.
If You choose not to accept the Revalued Quote, You may request CWork to return Your Device.
9.
PACKING &amp.
SHIPPING YOUR DEVICE.
When You surrender Your Device in store, the store will ship your Device to CWork.
For Web and phone orders, visit mywebsite.com for instructions on printing the prepaid shipping label.
You must properly package Your Device to avoid damage during shipping.
10.
YOUR OBLIGATION TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
It is Your sole responsibility to protect or secure any information in Your Device.
You are responsible for: (A) Removal of Device Data and Personal Information.
This includes, but is not limited to, SIM cards, memory cards, passwords, contacts, emails, pictures or calendars.
(B) Deactivation of Service.
You are responsible for charges incurred on Your Device until deactivated.
and (C) Removal of Locks and Passwords.
Failure to do so will result in CWork revaluing Your Device.
11.
WHEN YOU SURRENDER POSSESSION OF YOUR DEVICE IN STORE OR WHEN YOU SHIP YOUR DEVICE TO CWORK, YOU (A) AGREE TO THE TERMS IN THIS DOCUMENT.
(B) TRANSFER OWNERSHIP OF YOUR DEVICE TO CWORK.
AND (C) UNDERSTAND THAT CWORK IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO RETURN THE DEVICE (UNLESS YOU MAILED IT IN OR AS REQUIRED BY LAW).
12.
REPRESENTATIONS &amp.
WARRANTIES.
You represent and warrant that: (A) You are not under the age of eighteen (18).
(B) You possess all the rights and title, or will pay off any outstanding balance to obtain sole ownership rights, to sell the Device to CWork.
and (C) Your responses to the eligibility questions are truthful and accurate.
13.
WAIVER OF LIABILITY.
IN NO EVENT SHALL CWORK OR SPECTRUM MOBILE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES arising out of, from, or related to the purchase of Your Device regardless of the form of action (including, but not limited to, negligence) and regardless as to whether CWork or Spectrum Mobile has been advised of the possibility of any such loss or damage.
In the event a court of competent jurisdiction strikes this Section, You agree that the extent of CWork's or Spectrum Mobile's liability shall be no more than One Hundred Dollars ($100.00).
14.
INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR.
This Program in no way constitutes or gives rise to a partnership, joint venture or other relationship between CWork and Spectrum Mobile.
Each party will operate under these terms and conditions as an independent contractor and not as an agent for the other.
15.
INDEMNITY.
You agree to indemnify and hold CWork and Spectrum Mobile and their respective parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due, connected to, or arising out of You or Your breach of these Program T&amp;Cs, or Your violation of any law or the rights of any third party.
16.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION.
You understand that Spectrum Mobile is not a party to this Agreement, and that any disputes You may have with Spectrum Mobile are governed by Your agreement(s) with Spectrum Mobile including without limitation the Dispute Resolution and Arbitration provision set forth in YYYY of Your standard terms and conditions with Spectrum Mobile.
17.
ARBITRATION PROVISION.
READ THE FOLLOWING ARBITRATION PROVISION ("PROVISION") CAREFULLY.
IT LIMITS CERTAIN OF YOUR RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO OBTAIN RELIEF OR DAMAGES THROUGH COURT ACTION.
As used in this Provision, "You" and "Your" mean the person or persons named in this Trade-in Program, and all of his/her heirs, survivors, assigns and representatives.
"We" and "Us" shall mean CWork Solutions, LP and shall be deemed to include all of its agents.
Any and all claims, disputes, or controversies of any nature whatsoever (whether in contract, tort or otherwise, including statutory, common law, fraud [whether by misrepresentation or by omission] or other intentional tort, property, or equitable claims) arising out of, relating to, or in connection with: (1) this Trade-in Program, and the purchase thereof.
and/or (2) the validity, scope, interpretation, or enforceability of this Provision or of the entire Trade-in Program ("Claim"), shall be resolved by binding arbitration before a single arbitrator.
All arbitrations shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with its Expedited Procedures of the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the AAA in effect at the time the Claim is filed.
The terms of this Provision shall control any inconsistency between the AAA's Rules and this Provision.
You may obtain a copy of the AAA's Rules by calling 1-800-778-7879.
Upon written request, We will advance to You either all or part of the fees of the AAA and of the arbitrator.
The arbitrator will decide whether You or We will be responsible for these fees.
The arbitrator shall apply relevant substantive law and the applicable statute of limitations and shall provide written, reasoned findings of fact and conclusions of law.
The arbitration shall be held at a location selected by Us within the state in which this Trade-in Program was purchased.
This Provision is part of a transaction involving interstate commerce and shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C.
§ 1 et seq.
IF ANY PORTION OF THIS PROVISION IS DEEMED INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE, IT SHALL NOT INVALIDATE THE REMAINING PORTIONS OF THE PROVISION, EXCEPT THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL THIS PROVISION BE AMENDED OR CONSTRUED TO PERMIT CLASS ARBITRATION OR ARBITRATION ON BEHALF OF ANY INDIVIDUAL OTHER THAN YOU.
This Provision shall inure to the benefit of and be binding on You, Your assignees, and Us and shall continue in full force and effect subsequent to and notwithstanding the expiration or termination of this Trade-in Program.
You agree that any arbitration proceeding will only consider Your Claims.
Claims by or on behalf of other individuals will not be arbitrated in any proceeding that is considering Your Claims.
YOU AND WE UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BECAUSE OF THIS PROVISION, NEITHER YOU NOR WE WILL HAVE THE RIGHT, EXCEPT AS MAY BE PROVIDED ABOVE, TO GO TO COURT, OR TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL, OR TO PARTICIPATE AS ANY MEMBER OF A CLASS OF CLAIMANTS PERTAINING TO ANY CLAIM.
18.
NOTICE.
You expressly consent to be contacted, for any and all purposes, at any telephone number, or physical or electronic address You provide at the time of Your Trade-in Program transaction.
All notices or requests pertaining to these terms and conditions will be in writing and may be sent by any reasonable means including.
e.g., by mail, email, facsimile, text message or recognized commercial overnight courier.
Notices to You are considered delivered when sent to Your Device or by email or fax number You provided, or three (3) days after mailing to Your billing address.
19.
WAIVER.
SEVERABILITY.
The failure of any party to require performance by the other party of any provision hereof will not affect the full right to require such performance at any time thereafter.
nor will the waiver by either party of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself.
In the event that any provision of these terms and conditions will be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity will not render these terms and conditions unenforceable or invalid as a whole and in such event, such provisions will be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of such unenforceable or invalid provision within the limits of applicable law or applicable court decisions.
20.
DEFINITIONS.
a).
You/Your means the device owner.
b).
Credit means an amount equal to the Quote or Revalued Quote provided, in Spectrum Mobile's sole discretion: (1) to Your existing Equipment Installment Plan(s) ("EIP") or lease balance(s).
(2) to Your new Device or accessory purchase or lease.
or (3) applied to Your Spectrum Mobile account as a bill credit.
c).
Eligibility Criteria means a set of physical and functional conditions that a Device must satisfy in order for You to receive a Credit.
d).
Device means Your cellular device or other cellular based electronics that You request CWork to purchase in accordance with the terms of this Program.
e).
Quote or Revalued Quote means a firm amount for which CWork is willing to purchase a Device.
<p>Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan Paperless Consent</p> CONSENT TO CONDUCT BUSINESS ELECTRONICALLY Please print or download a copy of this Disclosure for your records We are required by law to obtain Your consent to enter into the Contract and deliver Communications toYou electronically.
This Disclosure applies to all Communications related to Spectrum Mobile Protection Plan.
The words "We," "Us," and "Our" refer to the company that issues Your Contract or provides evidence of coverage to You, and all of its subsidiaries, affiliates and agents.
These companies operate under the trade name, "Assurant".
The words "You" and "Your" mean You, the individual(s) or entity that owns the Contract.
Your consent to this Disclosure is not required to obtain or renew any product or service provided by Us.
please call 1-833-224-6603 to purchase or enroll separately.
"Communications" means all information that We are required to provide You by law, or as reasonably necessary to administer Your Contract, which may include, but is not limited to: Your enrollment or application form, declarations page, Policy, certificate, terms and conditions, claims adjudication, notices, billing statements, retail installment contract, notice of cancellation, notice of non-renewal and changes in the terms of Your Contract.
"Contract" means a Policy/certificate, Extended Service Contract, or any other product or service requested by You and provided by Us.
"Policy" means a written contract of insurance, or written agreement effecting insurance, or the certificate thereof, and includes all clauses, riders or endorsements, and declarations page.
"Extended Service Contract" means a contract or agreement for a separately stated consideration or for a specific duration to perform the repair, replacement or maintenance of property or indemnification for repair, replacement or maintenance, for the operational or structural failure due to a defect in materials, workmanship or normal wear and tear, with or without additional provision for incidental payment of indemnity under limited circumstances, but does not include mechanical breakdown insurance or maintenance agreements." Scope of Communications to Be Provided in Electronic Form.
You agree that We may provide any Communication in electronic format, and that We may discontinue sending paper Communications to You.
We reserve the right to modify the terms and conditions on which We provide electronic Communications at any time.
Method of Providing Communications to You in Electronic Form.
All Communications may be provided to You by one or more of the following methods: (1) via e-mail.
(2) by access to a secure website that We will designate in advance for such purpose.
(3) SMS text or iMessage (standard messaging rates apply).
How to Withdraw Consent.
You may withdraw Your consent to receive Communications electronically by contacting Us at 1-833-224-6603.
Please allow a reasonable period of time to process Your request.
How to Update Your Records.
It is Your responsibility to provide Us with true, accurate and up-to-date contact information.
You can update Your information by contacting Us at 1-833-224-6603.
Please do not send confidential information to Us via traditional e-mail, as We cannot guarantee that the transmission will be secure.
Hardware and Software Requirements.
In order to access, view and retain electronic Communications from Us, You must have: (i) A device suitable for connecting to the Internet.
(ii) An up-to-date Internet browser and device software.
(iii) A valid e-mail account and/or cell phone number.
(iv) Added the domain @assurant.com to Your e-mail account's list of "safe senders;" (v) Electronic storage capacity to retain Our Communications and/or a printer.
and (vi) Software that enables You to view files in Portable Document Format.
You may be able to download the most recent version of Adobe Reader by clicking here.
If You cannot download the most recent version of Adobe Reader, please call Your manufacturer to find out how to download software that is functionally equivalent.
Requesting Paper Copies.
You may request a paper copy of any Communication by contacting Us at 1-866-450-5185.
Acceptance and Consent.
You acknowledge that: (i) You are the applicant or owner of the Contract, or are validly authorized by the applicant or owner to act on his/her behalf.
(ii) Your consent to enter into the Contract and receive Communications electronically does not automatically expire and is not limited as to duration.
(iii) We will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, expense, or claim arising from the services provided pursuant to this Disclosure.
(iv) If You cannot access Your Communications, You must immediately notify Us so We can help identify the issue, or arrange to have the Communications delivered via alternative means.
<p>E-Sign Act Disclosure and Agreement</p> Your Consent to Use Electronic Records and Signatures From time to time, Spectrum and its affiliates or agents may provide you with certain notices, disclosures or contracts, some of which are required by law to be "in writing".
Spectrum is permitted under the federal E-SIGN Act and other applicable law to provide you written notices, disclosures or contracts electronically with your consent, which may be given by your electronic signature.
Your consent in this way may be obtained with respect to many different policies, terms of service, messages, notices, and disclosures applicable for the duration of subscription to Spectrum services (collectively, "Electronic Records").
Spectrum also reserves the right to provide you notices, disclosures, or contracts in paper, even if you have consented to receive Electronic Records.
Right to Have Records Provided On Paper At any time, you may request from us paper copies of any Electronic Records at no cost to you.
You may request delivery of paper copies by contacting Spectrum at (833) 224-6603.
Additionally, you may download and print a copy of the respective policy, terms of service, message, notice, or disclosure presented to you in full or as accessed by website link at the time you access or are viewing them on your computer.
Right to Withdraw Your Consent To Receive Electronic Records You may withdraw your consent to receive Electronic Records at any time and at no cost to you contacting Spectrum at (833) 224-6603.
If you elect to receive records only in paper format, or refuse to sign electronically, it may slow down the speed at which you receive documents or information about your account or services.
Your Contact Information If you elect to receive Electronic Notices, you must keep your email address up to date.
Spectrum reserves the right to send Electronic Records to any email address that Spectrum has on file for you.
You may change that email address at any time by contacting Spectrum at (833) 224-6603.
Acknowledgement of Your Access and Consent To Electronic Records By consenting to use and receive Electronic Records and signatures, you agree that • You are able to read this electronic Agreement • You are able to print on paper or electronically save this Agreement for reference or you are able to email this disclosure to an address where you will be able to print on paper or save it for reference.
• You have an active email address on file with Spectrum and confirm that you have and will maintain access to a computer capable of receiving Electronic Records.
• Until you notify Spectrum as described above, you consent to receive electronically any policies, terms of service, messages, notices, disclosures, or other communications made by Spectrum during the course of your subscription to any Spectrum services.
Spectrum Condiciones de servicio/Políticas <p>TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES GENERALES DEL SERVICIO RESIDENCIAL DE SPECTRUM</p> Además de estos Términos y condiciones generales del Servicio residencial ("Términos generales"), Usted, de forma individual ("Usted" o "Abonado"), en nombre de cada miembro de su hogar, actual y futuro, cada visitante o huésped de su hogar y cualquier otra persona que use los Servicios (junto al Abonado, el "Grupo de Abonados") acepta estar sujeto a las condiciones del servicio aplicables a los servicios residenciales de Spectrum a los que se suscriba (de aquí en adelante, "Servicio" o "Servicios"), así como al Aviso de privacidad para suscriptores de Spectrum que se encuentra en www.spectrum.com, en "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas" y en "Política de privacidad", los que pueden ser actualizados ocasionalmente (colectivamente, las "Condiciones del servicio"), y se incorporan a este documento mediante esta referencia.
En el caso de un conflicto entre los siguientes Términos generales y las Condiciones del servicio específicas del Servicio, las Condiciones del servicio específicas del Servicio tendrán prioridad.
Para los fines dispuestos en estas Condiciones del servicio, todas las referencias a "Spectrum" se refieren a Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
y cualquiera de sus afiliadas y subsidiarias que brindan los Servicios al Abonado (incluidos terceros que Spectrum pueda retener para proporcionar los Servicios).
Si Spectrum proporciona el servicio Spectrum Voice™ en la zona del Abonado, este será provisto mediante la afiliada de servicio telefónico de Spectrum que preste servicio en la zona del Abonado.
La firma del Abonado en la orden de trabajo presentada en la instalación de los Servicios, el uso de los servicios por parte del Grupo de Abonados y/u otra forma de firma o acción que indique la intención de uso (por ejemplo, aceptación en línea, firma electrónica o la rotura del sello en la caja del kit de autoinstalación, la activación del servicio) serán evidencia de que el Grupo de Abonados acepta las Condiciones generales que forman parte de las Condiciones del servicio.
Spectrum puede modificar sus precios, cargos, Servicios y/o Condiciones del servicio.
El uso continuado de los Servicios por parte del Grupo de abonados después de la notificación del cambio se considerará como el reconocimiento y la aceptación de dichos cambios por parte del Abonado, y la versión más reciente de estas Condiciones del servicio controla la relación del Abonado con Spectrum y la prestación de Servicios al Abonado por parte de Spectrum.La versión actual de las Condiciones del servicio se encuentra en "www.spectrum.com", en "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas".
El Abonado no puede modificar estos Términos generales, las Condiciones del servicio específicas del Servicio ni el Aviso de privacidad para suscriptores de Spectrum haciendo cambios a mano, a máquina o de cualquier otro tipo con ningún fin.
Este es un documento legal vinculante.
En caso de que una parte de los Servicios sea cancelada, o algún aspecto de los mismos sea modificado, cualquier servicio que se conserve o que lo reemplace seguirá estando regido por estas Condiciones generales y Condiciones del servicio incorporadas a este documento.
Estos Términos Generales y las Condiciones del Servicio no se aplican a los servicios vendidos con la marca Spectrum Business.
ESTOS TÉRMINOS GENERALES CONTIENEN (1) UNA DISPOSICIÓN DE ARBITRAJE VINCULANTE, QUE INCLUYE UNA RENUNCIA A SU DERECHO A PRESENTAR RECLAMACIONES COMO DEMANDAS COLECTIVAS.
(2) UNA LIMITACIÓN SOBRE SU DERECHO DE PRESENTAR RECLAMACIONES CONTRA SPECTRUM MÁS DE 1 AÑO DESPUÉS DE OCURRIDOS LOS EVENTOS RELEVANTES.
Y (3) EL DERECHO DE EXCLUSIÓN DE LAS DISPOSICIONES ESTIPULADAS.
ESTAS DISPOSICIONES AFECTAN LOS DERECHOS DEL ABONADO ESTIPULADOS EN ESTOS TÉRMINOS GENERALES CON RESPECTO A TODOS LOS SERVICIOS.
CONSULTE LA SECCIÓN 28 PARA OBTENER DETALLES DE ESTAS DISPOSICIONES.
1.
Pago de cargos: al Abonado se le facturarán, por adelantado, en forma mensual los Servicios que recibirá, más los cargos prorrateados, si los hubiera, por períodos no facturados anteriormente.
La facturación puede comenzar cuando o después de que ocurra alguno de los siguientes, lo que ocurra primero: (a) activación del Servicio, (b) entrega confirmada de los Equipos del servicio, (c) 8 días posteriores después de que el Abonado realice una Orden del servicio o (d) envío de los dispositivos o equipos.
Al Abonado se le facturarán por adelantado en forma mensual todos los Servicios que incluyen, entre otros, Pay Per View, On Demand, cargos de uso por minuto o por unidad, roaming u otros Servicios solicitados cuyos cargos se aplican en función del uso real o en pedidos realizados el mes anterior.
El Abonado pagará todos los cargos mensuales y todos los cargos e impuestos aplicables hasta la fecha de vencimiento tal como se detalla en la factura mensual de Spectrum, que puede enviarse en varias facturas por separado y/o exclusivamente mediante la presentación en línea dependiendo de la respectiva suscripción al Servicio.
Los métodos de pago, incluidos Tarjeta de crédito, Tarjeta de débito o Cheques serán almacenados para su uso en el futuro por parte del abonado.
Será obligación del Abonado revisar las facturas que se presenten en línea.
El Abonado notificará a Spectrum acerca de los cargos o artículos en disputa en un plazo de sesenta (60) días a partir de la recepción o publicación en línea de la factura, o en un plazo mayor según lo requiera la legislación vigente.
No pagar los cargos facturados cuando corresponde (lo que incluye cheques devueltos por fondos insuficientes) puede provocar la interrupción del Servicio, el retiro de todo el Equipo (tal como se define en la Sección 7 a continuación) y/o la imposición de un cargo por pago atrasado o cargo de servicio.
Si el Abonado tiene más de una cuenta (comercial y/o residencial) con servicio de Spectrum, todos los Servicios provistos por Spectrum en todas las ubicaciones pueden estar sujetos a suspensión o cancelación del Servicio si cualquiera de las cuentas permanece impaga, y Spectrum puede aplicar primero todos los fondos recibidos del Abonado a esas cuentas morosas.
Si el Abonado desease reanudar un Servicio después de una suspensión, el Abonado puede estar sujeto a cargos por reconexión.
Si el Abonado desea reanudar un Servicio después de la cancelación de dicho Servicio, es posible que Spectrum le cobre un cargo por instalación, por llamadas al servicio técnico y/o por activación del servicio y se reserva el derecho de cobrarle tarifas diferentes a las vigentes al momento de la desconexión.
Esos cargos se aplicarán además de los cargos por pago atrasado y otros cargos.
Si se requirieran actividades de cobranza, es posible que se apliquen cargos de cobranza adicional.
Es posible que se apliquen cargos por las visitas del servicio técnico cuando los equipos de Spectrum no sean la causa de deterioros en el servicio, cortes u otros problemas con su servicio.
Es posible que se apliquen cargos por cualquier asistencia de transacción por parte de un Representante del servicio al cliente de Spectrum solicitada por el Abonado.
La primera factura del Abonado puede incluir cargos parciales por meses por el Servicio recibido, cargos de uso por minuto o por unidad correspondientes al primer mes, cargos del plan de pagos en cuotas aplicables y/o otros cargos de Servicios mensuales aplicables.
Si hace un pago parcial de alguna factura, y sin renunciar a su derecho de cobrar todo el saldo adeudado, Spectrum aplicará el pago a los cargos pendientes en los montos y proporciones que determine.
El Abonado acepta y entiende que, al suscribir el acuerdo financiero descrito en el presente, excepto hasta el límite que el Abonado compre los dispositivos (cada "Dispositivo comprado por el Abonado") de Spectrum con un acuerdo de plan de pagos en cuotas, Spectrum no está extendiendo al Abonado un crédito y por lo tanto Spectrum y el Abonado no están suscribiendo un crédito para el consumidor o una transacción similar.
Las ventas de cualquier Dispositivo comprado por el Abonado son definitivas a partir de la fecha de entrada en vigencia de cualquier acuerdo de plan de pago en cuotas aplicable o la apertura del paquete respectivo del mismo, y Spectrum se exime de toda responsabilidad por las devoluciones, reemplazos, reparaciones o mantenimiento de tal dispositivo, con respecto a la que el Abonado deberá considerar exclusivamente para el fabricante de tal dispositivo.
2.
Servicios de Pago Único o Pago Automático Recurrente según las Condiciones de pago electrónico: las siguientes Condiciones del pago electrónico se aplican a los servicios de Pago Único o Pago Automático de Spectrum que el Abonado decide recibir.
a.
Al participar en el servicio del Pago Automático o servicio de Pago Único, el Abonado está (i) aceptando que el Abonado es el usuario autorizado de la tarjeta de débito, tarjeta de crédito o cuenta bancaria utilizados para efectuar el pago a Spectrum y (ii) autorizando a Spectrum a almacenar ese número de cuenta para el uso futuro de dichos servicios.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho de cancelar la participación continua del Abonado en el servicio de pago Único o Pago Automático por cualquier razón, incluida sin limitaciones, la falta de pago o el pago fraudulento de la factura del Abonado.
b.
Al elegir inscribirse en el Servicio de Pago Automático en línea de Spectrum, el Abonado ha autorizado a Spectrum a obtener el pago del saldo de la factura actual del Abonado cada mes mediante transferencia directa de fondos de la cuenta de la tarjeta de crédito o de la institución financiera seleccionada del Abonado.
c.
Spectrum enviará la correspondiente factura mensual del Abonado o el aviso de publicación en línea de dicha factura al Abonado antes de la fecha de vencimiento de pago del Abonado.
El monto que se muestra como adeudado en el extracto de la factura mensual constituirá el aviso para el Abonado de cualquier variación en el monto con respecto al monto de la factura pagado el mes anterior a través del Pago Automático.
El saldo que se muestra como adeudado en la vista del extracto del Abonado se deducirá en la fecha de vencimiento del pago o en una fecha cercana.
d.
Para suscribirse a algunos Servicios y para la compra de determinados Dispositivos de Spectrum por parte del Abonado, es posible que se requiera el pago de la factura de Spectrum del Abonado de manera recurrente a través del Pago Automático.
El Abonado se reserva el derecho a revocar la disposición del Pago automático recurrente con Spectrum en cualquier momento, a excepción de aquellos servicios en los que se requiere el Pago automático.
Toda revocación de la autorización del Abonado a pagar la factura de Spectrum a través de una disposición de Pago Automático no entrará en vigencia hasta después de su recepción por parte de Spectrum y provocará la interrupción de los pagos de la factura de Pago Automático.
Después de cancelar el pago de la factura de Pago Automático, el Abonado será responsable de llevar a cabo la acción adecuada cada mes para pagar la factura de Spectrum.
e.
Para obtener una copia de la confirmación del Pago automático en línea del Abonado para su constancia, el Abonado debe imprimir o guardar el documento en su computadora.
f.
El Abonado es enteramente responsable de garantizar que la información de contacto, como la dirección de e-mail, y la información financiera, como la tarjeta de crédito, el número de cuenta corriente o caja de ahorro, sea actual y precisa en todo momento.
El Abonado debe notificar a Spectrum acerca de cualquier cambio en la tarjeta de crédito o en la información de cuenta corriente o caja de ahorros y completar otro formulario de autorización del Pago Automático para poder pagar la factura de Spectrum de manera recurrente utilizando una tarjeta de débito o crédito, un número de cuenta corriente o caja de ahorro o información que sean nuevos o se hayan modificado.
El Abonado puede actualizar la información de cuenta existente del Pago Automático en la aplicación móvil My Spectrum o en Spectrum.net/myaccount.
Luego de hacer algún cambio en la tarjeta de crédito, información o número de cuenta corriente o caja de ahorro, el procesamiento de los pagos efectuados usando estos Servicios puede demorar un ciclo de facturación.
Mientras tanto, el Abonado será enteramente responsable de llevar a cabo las acciones correspondientes a fin de garantizar que los pagos de las facturas se efectúen cuando corresponda.
Los servicios de Pago Único y Pago Automático se proporcionan para uso personal, no comercial únicamente y se prohibe al Abonado utilizar estos servicios para cualquier actividad o fin que sea ilegal, incluido fraude de pago o robo de identidad.
g.
Al elegir usar los servicios de Pago Automático o Pago Único, el Abonado acepta que Spectrum puede proporcionarle avisos legales relacionados con las Condiciones de pago electrónico, las Condiciones del servicio, los pagos efectuados y otra información o registros relevantes que pudieran atribuirse a las transacciones realizadas por el Abonado utilizando los servicios de Pago Único y Pago Automático, únicamente en formato electrónico.
El Abonado no puede retirar su consentimiento para recibir el aviso, los registros o la divulgación en formato electrónico si el Abonado elige continuar usando los servicios de Pago Único y Pago Automático.
h.
Es responsabilidad del Abonado proteger la confidencialidad de cualquier nombre de usuario o contraseña utilizados en relación con estos servicios de Pago Único y Pago Automático.
Spectrum recomienda que el Abonado no comparta su nombre de usuario o contraseña con ningún usuario no autorizado debido a que tales divulgaciones podrían proporcionar el acceso no autorizado a la información de cuenta del Abonado.
Si el Abonado cree que su contraseña u otro medio de acceso a Spectrum ha sido extraviado, robado o comprometido de otro modo, el Abonado debe notificarlo a Spectrum de inmediato al 855-707-7328.
i.
Sin limitación, Spectrum no tendrá responsabilidad alguna por su incapacidad para procesar o recibir pagos que el Abonado efectúa o intenta efectuar utilizando lo servicios de Pago Único o Pago Automático o de otro modo para llevar a cabo sus responsabilidades según estos Términos Electrónicos en caso de que circunstancias que excedan el control de Spectrum no permitan que Spectrum lo haga o que afecten de otro modo la capacidad de Spectrum para hacerlo.
j.
El Abonado es responsable de todos cargos y costos relacionados con la mantención de un método de pago válido incluidos los cargos de procesamiento o los costos anuales.
LA RESPONSABILIDAD ÚNICA Y EXCLUSIVA DE SPECTRUM Y LA COMPENSACIÓN EXCLUSIVA DEL ABONADO CON RESPECTO AL PROCESAMIENTO O LA DEDUCCIÓN DE UNA TRANSFERENCIA DE FONDOS INCORRECTA EN LO SUCESIVO SERÁ LA DEVOLUCIÓN A USTED DE LOS FONDOS TRANSFERIDOS DE FORMA INAPROPIADA.
3.
Pago con cheque.
artículos devueltos.
procesamiento por medio de terceros: si el Abonado realiza un pago con cheque, el Abonado autoriza a Spectrum a cobrar dicho pago en forma electrónica.
El Abonado no puede enmendar ni modificar estos Términos Generales con ningún endoso restrictivo (como por ejemplo "pagado por completo"), liberación u otras declaraciones en los cheques que acompañen u otros pagos aceptados por Spectrum.
dichas anotaciones no tendrán efectos legales.
Ya sea que pague con cheque, mediante los servicios de Pago Único o Pago automático o cualquier otra forma de transferencia electrónica de fondos desde una cuenta bancaria, el Abonado autoriza a Spectrum por el presente a cobrar cualquier monto rechazado de manera electrónica de la cuenta correspondiente.
Además, se podría suspender o cancelar el Servicio del Abonado.
El Abonado será responsable de cualquier cargo por procesamiento de pago generado al usar un tercero para procesar pagos del Abonado a Spectrum.
Todo cargo por fondos insuficientes es adicional a cualquier otro que la institución financiera del Abonado pudiese imponerle.
Si se rechaza inicialmente, Spectrum realizará varios intentos adicionales para conseguir la ejecución del pago electrónico hasta (30) días después del rechazo inicial del pago.
Al finalizar el período de 30 días, si no se ha realizado el pago correctamente, se cancelará la autorización del Pago automático o Pago único que corresponda del Abonado.
4.
Política de reembolso/Garantía de 30 días de Spectrum.
Sujeto a disposiciones adicionales que pudieran aplicarse a devoluciones de equipos, los Abonados nuevos (aquellos que no han sido clientes de Spectrum 90 días antes de la suscripción) son elegibles para recibir un reembolso/crédito de todos los niveles del Servicio de suscripción si no están totalmente satisfechos con el Servicio.
Los Abonados actuales que agreguen un nuevo nivel de Servicio de suscripción son elegibles para recibir un reembolso/crédito solamente en los Servicios de suscripción agregados recientemente pero no recibidos en los 90 días anteriores.
Dicho reembolso es válido para clientes que paguen su primer mes de Servicios de suscripción recurrente mensual nuevos o actualizados.
Los servicios Pay-Per-View y otras compras de suscripción no recurrentes no serán reembolsables, como tampoco cualquier cargo por instalación aplicable.
El Abonado tiene un límite de un reembolso o crédito por hogar por un máximo de 30 días de Servicio.
Los reembolsos/créditos se otorgarán solo cuando Spectrum reciba la solicitud de cancelación del Servicio en un plazo de 45 días a partir de la instalación del Servicio (30 días de suscripción al Servicio, más un período de gracia de 15 días para solicitudes formales de reembolso/crédito).
Todo equipo asociado a la nueva suscripción debe devolverse antes de hacerse efectivo el reembolso/crédito.
Todos los impuestos estatales, cargos de franquicia y otras tarifas o cargos que puedan aplicarse son responsabilidad del Abonado y no serán objeto de reembolso o crédito.
Pueden aplicarse otras restricciones a cualquier oferta.
5.
Descuentos por paquetes de servicios: Spectrum se reserva el derecho a ofrecer, y el Abonado pueden optar por suscribirse a, una combinación de Servicios de Spectrum para la que se aplica un descuento por paquete ("Servicios combinados").
En caso de que el Abonado cancele algún componente del Servicio de los Servicios combinados o Spectrum cancele el componente del Servicio en base al incumplimiento del Abonado con las Condiciones del Servicio, Spectrum se reserva el derecho de revertir el precio del Servicio remanente al precio correspondiente sin descuento para el Servicio.
6.
Servicios de suscripción mensual: sujetos a restricciones según las leyes aplicables, si las hubiera, y sin invalidar la Sección 4, "Política de reembolso/Garantía de 30 días de Spectrum, el Abonado (sin prorrateo) será responsable de pagar el cargo mensual total por dichos Servicios que se ofrezcan con una suscripción mensual y para los que el Abonado se haya suscripto, independientemente de la cancelación de dicho Servicio mensual por parte del Abonado antes de la finalización del respectivo mes de suscripción, además de los cargos por programa, Pay Per View, On Demand, los Servicios por evento ordenados, los cargos de uso por minuto o por unidad o el roaming utilizado por el Abonado u otros Servicios solicitados cuyos cargos se aplican en función del uso real o en pedidos realizados durante el mes anterior.
7.
Propiedad de Spectrum: todo el equipo provisto por Spectrum distribuido a o instalado para uso en las sucursales/tiendas de servicio del Abonado por o en representación de Spectrum ("Equipo") sigue siendo propiedad de Spectrum, a excepción del "cableado para el hogar" tal como se define en 47 C.F.R.
sección §76.5(ll) ("Cableado") y excluye ciertos Dispositivos comprados por el Abonado que el Abonado ha comprado directamente a Spectrum o en virtud de un acuerdo en cuotas o cualquier otro dispositivo que el Spectrum haya transferido al Abonado (por ejemplo, módems, dispositivos de transmisión o periféricos.
colectivamente, "Dispositivos transferidos").
El Equipo y Cableado instalados en el domicilio del Servicio del Abonado tienen como fin prestar servicio y residir en la ubicación de Servicio específica, y no se deben usar fuera de las instalaciones sin la autorización de Spectrum.
El Abonado debe devolver todo el Equipo al momento de sustituir el uso o cancelar el Servicio.
Si no lo hiciera, se generará un cargo, que se determinará según el programa de cargos de Spectrum para Equipos no devueltos vigente en ese momento, cuyo monto se considerará vencido de inmediato.
El Abonado acuerda pagar esos cargos si el Equipo se pierde (o es robado), se daña o se destruye.
8.
Interrupción del Servicio: todos los Servicios se proporcionan "TAL CUAL" y "COMO ESTÁN DISPONIBLES".
En ningún caso Spectrum será responsable de ningún fallo o interrupción del Servicio, lo que incluye, aunque no exclusivamente, los fallos e interrupciones que resulten total o parcialmente de circunstancias que escapan al control razonable de Spectrum.
Sujeto a la legislación vigente, Spectrum podrá conceder un crédito con respecto a la tarifa de suscripción mensual recurrente del Abonado en caso de cortes en el Servicio que califiquen.
9.
Equipo: excluyendo ciertos Dispositivos comprados por el Abonado vendidos por Spectrum para los que pueden aplicarse términos y condiciones individuales o Dispositivos transferidos, Spectrum reparará o reemplazará el Equipo defectuoso, si lo hubiera, siempre que el daño o defecto no haya sido provocado por el mal uso u otra operación o manipulación inadecuada por parte del Abonado.
Spectrum tendrá derecho a suponer un mal uso u otra operación o manipulación inadecuada por parte del Abonado en el caso en que el Abonado solicite reparación o reemplazo más de dos veces en un período de doce (12) meses, o más de tres veces en un período de veinticuatro (24) meses, y no tendrá obligación de cumplir con dichas reparaciones o reemplazos.
Spectrum no es responsable por el mantenimiento o la reparación del equipo provisto por el Abonado, lo que incluye, aunque no exclusivamente, dispositivos conectados, dispositivos móviles, teléfonos residenciales, computadoras, módems, televisores, Dispositivos comprados por el Abonado, dispositivos transferidos u otros equipos relacionados provistos por el Abonado.
Se puede imponer un cargo de servicio al enviar un técnico si el Equipo se daña por uso negligente o mal uso, o si no se descubre ninguna falla en el sistema o el Equipo de Spectrum.
Spectrum no ofrece garantías con respecto al Equipo o al Servicio provisto por Spectrum, o con respecto a la compatibilidad del Servicio o el Equipo con cualquier equipo provisto por el Abonado.
TODO EL EQUIPO, CABLEADO, DISPOSITIVOS COMPRADOS POR EL ABONADO Y DISPOSITIVOS TRANSFERIDOS SE PROPORCIONAN "TAL CUAL", Y POR ESE MOTIVO SPECTRUM NO OFRECE GARANTÍAS DE NINGÚN MODO, YA SEA DE MANERA IMPLÍCITA O EXPLÍCITA, QUE INCLUYEN, ENTRE OTRAS, CUALQUIER GARANTÍA IMPLÍCITA DE COMERCIABILIDAD, NO VIOLACIÓN, TÍTULO E IDONEIDAD PARA UN FIN DETERMINADO.
SPECTRUM NO SERÁ RESPONSABLE POR DAÑOS INDIRECTOS, CONSIGUIENTES, EJEMPLARES, ESPECIALES, FORTUITOS O PUNITIVOS (LO QUE INCLUYE, SIN LIMITACIÓN, PÉRDIDA DE NEGOCIOS, BENEFICIOS, INGRESOS O BUENA VOLUNTAD) QUE SURJAN DEL USO, LA IMPLEMENTACIÓN Y/O LA FUNCIONALIDAD DEL EQUIPO, CABLEADO, SERVICIOS COMPRADOS POR EL ABONADO O DISPOSITIVOS TRANSFERIDOS.
SPECTRUM RENUNCIA A CUALQUIER Y TODAS LAS RECLAMACIONES QUE SURJAN O SE ASOCIEN A LA FALLA, OPERABILIDAD, RENDIMIENTO, DEFECTOS O PÉRDIDAS, RESPONSABILIDAD O DAÑOS DERIVADOS DEL USO DE DISPOSITIVOS COMPRADOS O TRANSPORTADOS POR EL ABONADO, CUALQUIERA DE ELLOS DEBERÁ SER ÚNICAMENTE ENTRE EL ABONADO Y EL FABRICANTE DE DICHOS DISPOSITIVOS.
La única obligación de Spectrum y la única compensación para el Abonado con respecto a cualquier responsabilidad o daño provocados por el uso o la implementación por parte del Abonado del Equipo o Cableado será un reembolso de los cargos pagados por el Abonado por dicho Equipo para el ciclo de facturación/mes anterior.
10.
Propiedad del abonado: Spectrum no asume responsabilidad y no tendrá responsabilidad alguna por el estado o la reparación del cualquier Dispositivo comprado por el Abonado, dispositivos transferidos o equipo/software provisto por el Abonado.
El Abonado es el responsable de la reparación y el mantenimiento de los Dispositivos comprados por el Abonado, dispositivos transferidos o equipo/software provisto por el Abonado.
Spectrum no es responsable por la pérdida o la afectación del Servicio de Spectrum provocado total o parcialmente por mal funcionamiento, defecto u otras causas de los Dispositivos comprados por el Abonado, dispositivos transferidos o del equipo o software provistos por el Abonado.
Sin perjuicio de cualquier disposición contraria el Abonado acepta otorgarle a Spectrum y a nuestros agentes derecho a (A) instalar hardware en, (B) enviar descargas de software a, y (C) instalar, acceder a la configuración, mantener, inspeccionar o actualizar los Dispositivos comprados por el Abonado, dispositivos transferidos o cualquier otro equipo provisto por el Abonado en la medida necesaria para proporcionar el Servicio.
El Abonado garantiza ser el propietario de dicho equipo o tener autoridad para darle acceso al mismo a Spectrum.
11.
Impuestos/Cargos: el Abonado acepta pagar los impuestos y los cargos locales, estatales y federales aplicados o recaudados con respecto a los Servicios, el Equipo, Cableado, Dispositivos comprados por el Abonado, Dispositivos transferidos, o la instalación o los cargos de servicio generados con respecto a los mismos (lo que incluye cargos de franquicia).
Con respecto a los cargos e impuestos, incluidos cargos de franquicia por el gobierno, impuestos por las autoridades reguladoras y gubernamentales correspondientes, Spectrum revisará trimestral y anualmente el monto recaudado en dichos cargos e impuestos.
En el caso de que Spectrum determine que ha recaudado cargos y/o impuestos en exceso por sumas adeudadas a autoridades gubernamentales y reguladoras, Spectrum comenzará a reembolsar los cargos e impuestos excesivos a los abonados actuales dentro de los últimos 15 meses de cada año calendario.
Tenga en cuenta que, en algunos casos de acuerdo a la ley, al Abonado se le pueden cobrar impuestos y cargos relacionados con períodos de tiempo previos a que el Abonado comenzara a recibir los Servicios.
Sin embargo, por ley, Spectrum no cobrará al Abonado estos cargos más de 4 años después del año en el que Spectrum incurrió en ellos.
Los cargos de franquicia resultantes de una auditoría por parte de la autoridad de franquicia correspondiente se incurren en el momento en el que se aplican esos cargos.
12.
Cuidado de la Propiedad y el Servicio de Spectrum: el Abonado acepta que ni el Abonado ni ninguna otra persona (excepto personal autorizado de Spectrum) podrán: (A) abrir, alterar, realizar mantenimiento o efectuar cambios en el Equipo o Cableado.
ni (B) quitar o trasladar el Equipo o Cableado de la dirección de servicio después de la instalación inicial.
Cualquier alteración, modificación, retiro o uso del Equipo o Cableado que permita recibir Servicios sin autorización o recibir Servicios a una cantidad de salidas no autorizada, o a sucursales/tiendas no autorizadas, constituye robo del servicio y está prohibido.
A pesar de lo anteriormente estipulado, al recibir una solicitud de un Abonado, Spectrum trasladará el Equipo para el Abonado dentro del hogar del Abonado en un momento acordado en conjunto entre Spectrum y el Abonado.
El Abonado puede incurrir en un cargo por ese traslado, y deberá consultar la tabla de tarifas y cargos de Spectrum antes de solicitar dicho traslado.
Si el Abonado se muda fuera del área de servicio de Spectrum, deberá notificar a Spectrum que estos Términos generales se cancelarán, y las disposiciones de la Sección 17 se aplicarán a dicha cancelación.
13.
Acceso a las instalaciones del Abonado: el Abonado autoriza a Spectrum y a sus empleados, agentes, contratistas y representantes a acceder y a entrar a las instalaciones del Abonado para instalar, inspeccionar, realizar mantenimiento y/o reparar el Equipo y, cuando se cancela el Servicio, a sacar el Equipo de las instalaciones.
Si Spectrum no retira el Equipo, no se considerará abandono del mismo.
Si se requiere instalación y mantenimiento del Servicio en instalaciones que, a entera discreción de Spectrum, son o podrían ser riesgosas o peligrosas para nuestros empleados, el público o la propiedad, Spectrum puede negarse a instalar y a mantener dicho Servicio.
14.
Aceptación y consentimiento relacionados con la grabación de las comunicaciones y derechos de Contacto: a.
Grabación de las comunicaciones.
El Abonado reconoce y acepta que todas las comunicaciones entre el Abonado y Spectrum pueden ser grabadas o monitoreadas por Spectrum para el control de la calidad u otros fines conforme a las leyes vigentes.
b.
Consentimiento para Llamadas telefónicas y otros Medios de comunicación.
Spectrum puede llamar o enviar mensajes de texto al Abonado o autorizar a que otros llamen o envíen mensajes de texto al Abonado en su representación, que incluye, sin limitaciones, a cualquier número que el Abonado proporcione a Spectrum (o que Spectrum facilite al Abonado) para cualquier fin, incluidos los servicios de comercialización de Spectrum.
El Abonado no puede revocar el consentimiento del Abonado comunicaciones relacionadas con la recopilación o cualquier otra comunicación/aviso que no sea comercial relacionado con la cuenta del Servicio del Abonado (por ejemplo, incumplimiento, mensaje del servicio, etc.), incluso a través de llamadas, mensajes, mensajes de texto o cualquier otro medio.
Si los números del Abonado se incluyen en listas "no llamar" estatales o federales, Spectrum no llamará o enviará mensajes de texto al Abonado con fines de comercialización.
El Abonado es responsable de los cargos correspondientes a los mensajes de texto entrantes en el teléfono inalámbrico del Abonado.
c.
Llamadas Robotizadas.
Spectrum (o personas que actúan en representación de Spectrum) pueden utilizar sistemas de marcado automatizado o voces artificiales o grabadas para comunicarse con el Abonado o dejar mensajes al Abonado si la llamada se dirige al correo de voz.
d.
Otros Avisos: El Abonado autoriza a Spectrum a que le proporcione otros avisos utilizando cualquier método que Spectrum determine adecuado, incluidos los medios electrónicos (por ejemplo, e-mail o publicación en línea).
e.
Otros Consentimientos: Spectrum puede solicitar al Abonado que proporcione otros consentimientos o autorizaciones, inclusive por medios electrónicos, e-mail o equipo del Abonado (por ej.:, utilizando el control remoto del Abonado para comprar una película VOD, para solicitar información en relación con los productos del anunciante o para "adherirse" a un estudio de consumidores) y Spectrum tiene derecho a asumir que cualquier consentimiento o autorización que Spectrum reciba a través de los Servicios o desde la ubicación del Abonado ha sido autorizada por el Abonado.
f.
Dirección de e-mail para el aviso.
Cuando Spectrum lo solicite, el Abonado proporcionará a Spectrum una dirección de e-mail vigente que el Abonado revise regularmente de modo que Spectrum pueda proporcionar avisos y comunicaciones al Abonado en esa dirección.
El derecho de Spectrum a comunicarse con el Abonado según se describe en esta Sección sobrevive a la cancelación de las Condiciones del servicio.
15.
Derecho de exclusión de ciertas llamadas robotizadas por parte del Abonado.
Si el abonado no desea recibir llamadas, mensajes o mensajes de texto comerciales de Spectrum a través de sistemas de marcado automatizado o mensajes pregrabados en el teléfono celular del Abonado, el Abonado puede visitar nuestros sitios web para administrar las preferencias de comunicación.
El Abonado comprende que estos procedimientos claros son las maneras exclusivas de dar de baja estas llamadas.
El Abonado también acepta otorgarle a Spectrum sesenta (60) días hábiles para cumplir con su solicitud y además acepta que Spectrum no se responsabilizará por las llamadas o mensajes de texto que el Abonado reciba mientras tanto.
El Abonado comprende que Spectrum continuará utilizando los sistemas de marcado automatizado o los mensajes pregrabados en el teléfono celular o línea fija del Abonado para comunicar notificaciones de facturación no comerciales, notificaciones de servicios, confirmaciones de citas y actualizaciones del estado de sus cuentas.
Requisitos para una conexión segura.
Sin derogar o limitar las obligaciones individuales del Abonado para proteger su equipo y su cuenta de acuerdo a las Condiciones del servicio, Spectrum tendrá derecho a implementar medidas razonables necesarias para rastrear, administrar y/o garantizar la seguridad de las instalaciones de su red, las señales de video, teléfono y/o Internet que Spectrum transmite o recibe y la conexión entre cualquier dispositivo o aplicación utilizada por el Abonado, los miembros del hogar del Abonado, los huéspedes del Abonado o el equipo, sistema u otras instalaciones de la red de Spectrum o de terceros (ya sea física, WiFi, inalámbrico, software u otro tipo de conexión), incluida, entre otros, la autenticación, la seguridad de acceso u otros procesos y medios.
Sin limitar ningún otro derecho que Spectrum pueda tener bajo las Condiciones de servicio, Spectrum tendrá el derecho de suspender, congelar o cesar de otro modo el Servicio o el acceso a la red en el caso y en la medida necesaria para abordar cualquier problema de seguridad o de red que pueda surgir con respecto a la actividad en a través de las condiciones que surjan o sean causadas por el uso, la disponibilidad o el acceso habilitados en a través del Servicio del Abonado, la ubicación del Servicio, el equipo o la cuenta.
16.
Asignación o transferencia: este Acuerdo general y los Servicios y/o Equipo provistos por Spectrum no se pueden asignar ni de otro modo transferir por el Abonado sin la autorización específica por escrito de Spectrum.
17.
Cancelación y vencimiento: a.
Cancelación por parte del Abonado: a menos que se cancele, estas Condiciones generales se renovarán automáticamente cada mes.
El Abonado reconoce que todos los precios están sujetos a cambios al momento de dicha renovación.
Para cancelar cualquier Servicio recurrente, los Abonados deben llamar al 855-757-7328, o presentar una notificación de cancelación por escrito a Spectrum y enviarla a 2 Digital Place, Floor 4, Simpsonville, SC 29681, y, en cualquier caso, cualquier cancelación solicitada por el Abonado no será efectiva antes de la fecha en que Spectrum reciba dicha solicitud.
b.
Cancelación por bancarrota: Spectrum tendrá derecho a cancelar estas Condiciones generales de inmediato si el Abonado hiciera una cesión de sus bienes a favor de los acreedores, o si se presentara en forma voluntaria o involuntaria una petición por parte o en contra del Abonado al amparo de cualquier ley con el fin de declarar en bancarrota al Abonado, o de reestructurarlo.
c.
Cancelación por infracción: en el caso de infracción de las Condiciones generales por parte del Abonado, del incumplimiento de las tarifas, reglas y normas de Spectrum por parte del Abonado, del incumplimiento de proporcionar y mantener información de registro correcta por parte del Abonado o cualquier actividad ilegal del Abonado con el uso del Servicio, estas Condiciones del servicio pueden, si Spectrum lo decide, ser canceladas y el equipo retirado.
Si Spectrum no retirara dicho Equipo, no se considerará abandono del mismo.
El Abonado deberá pagar cargos razonables por cobranza y/o honorarios de abogados a Spectrum cuando Spectrum considere necesario, a su discreción, efectuar cobranzas o preservar y proteger sus derechos según estas Condiciones generales.
Spectrum puede cancelar estas Condiciones del servicio o rechazar una solicitud o bloquear el acceso o el uso de cualquier componente de cualquier Servicio por cualquier razón, incluidos, sin limitaciones, los siguientes casos: I.
Si el Abonado violó estas Condiciones generales, en esta o en otra cuenta de Spectrum.
II.
Si la información pedida en el proceso de solicitud es o se vuelve incorrecta, o si está ausente o es incompleta.
III.
Si el Abonado ha amenazado o acosado a algún empleado, agente, contratista o representante de Spectrum (por ej.:, por lenguaje abusivo, amenazas físicas, etc.).
IV.
Si el emisor de la tarjeta de crédito del Abonado rechaza un cargo o si algún otro método de pago no compensa a Spectrum.
V.
Si existe una violación a las Condiciones del servicio o a otros acuerdos con respecto a cualquier Servicio, según se determine a entera discreción de Spectrum.
o VI.
Si el soporte técnico que el Abonado solicita resulta excesivo, según se determine a entera discreción de Spectrum.
Además, el Abonado acepta que, en el caso de una cancelación debida a las subsecciones (b) o (c), Spectrum no tendrá ninguna responsabilidad para con el Abonado.
d.
Obligaciones derivadas de la cancelación: el Abonado acepta que cuando se cancelan las Condiciones del servicio: I.
De acuerdo con la Sección 1 del Acuerdo de Servicios Residenciales de Cable, si corresponde, el Abonado pagará a Spectrum el total de su uso del Equipo y los Servicios, según corresponda, hasta la fecha efectiva de cancelación de estas Condiciones del servicio, la fecha en que se desconectó el Servicio, o la fecha en que el Equipo se devuelva a Spectrum, la que sea posterior.
II.
El Abonado devolverá de inmediato todo el Equipo a Spectrum.
Si el Abonado no devuelve cualquier Equipo en un plazo de diez (10) días a partir de la cancelación de estas Condiciones del servicio, además de los cargos por Equipo detallados en el presente documento, el Abonado será responsable ante Spectrum según el programa de cargos de Spectrum por Equipo no devuelto vigente en ese momento.
e.
Renovación luego de la Cancelación: el Abonado reconoce y acepta que, en el caso de renovación luego de una cancelación del Servicio, el Abonado estará sujeto a los precios, las garantías y las Condiciones del Servicio vigentes al momento de dicha renovación.
18.
Derecho de Spectrum a buscar una compensación y obligaciones de indemnización del Abonado.
Si el Abonado viola estas Condiciones del servicio.
Spectrum tiene derecho a exigir una compensación por parte del Abonado para dicha infracción a través del arbitraje o, si el Abonado ha cancelado la disposición de arbitraje de estas Condiciones generales o buscamos una orden que requiera que haga o evite hacer algo, en un tribunal.
Además, si una persona o entidad presenta una reclamación en contra de Spectrum que surja de la relación del Abonado con Spectrum, los Servicios proporcionados al Abonado, las Condiciones de servicio o o la consecuente infracción del Abonado o el incumplimiento del mismo, el Abonado indemnizará, defenderá (a criterio exclusivo de Spectrum) y liberará a Spectrum de toda responsabilidad y lo reembolsará por cualquier pérdida en las que Spectrum pudiese incurrir, incluidos los honorarios de abogados y costas legales razonables, como resultado de dicha reclamación.
Las responsabilidades del Abonado de acuerdo a esta Sección cubren cualquier disputa, ya sea que esté relacionada o no con el contrato, agravio (por ejemplo, una reclamación por negligencia o responsabilidad por productos), violación de una ley o norma o cualquier otra teoría legal.
19.
Depósito de seguridad: cualquier depósito de seguridad solicitado al Abonado por el Equipo o el Servicio de Spectrum se considerará adeudado y pagadero cuando se facture el primer mes.
Esos depósitos de seguridad se devolverán al Abonado en un plazo de sesenta (60) días a partir de la cancelación del Servicio de Spectrum, siempre y cuando se hayan pagado todos los montos adeudados en la cuenta del Abonado y el Abonado haya devuelto el Equipo de Spectrum sin daño alguno.
Si Spectrum mantiene un depósito en la cuenta del Abonado, Spectrum tiene derecho a utilizar el monto depositado para el pago de cualquier saldo pendiente o de pagos incompletos.
20.
Pago por adelantado: se puede solicitar el pago por adelantado bajo ciertas circunstancias, incluso, entre otras cosas, las condiciones específicas de la oferta del Servicio si así lo requieran, los Abonados no puedan o no deseen proporcionar información para establecer la solvencia crediticia o que tengan una calificación crediticia insatisfactoria.
El pago por adelantado será igual al cargo de instalación correspondiente y a un mes de cargos recurrentes, sin incluir impuestos, otros cargos y recargos.
El pago por adelantado aparecerá como un crédito y se aplicará a la primera factura mensual.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho a denegar el Servicio si el Abonado no cumple con los requisitos de crédito estándar.
Luego de que se haya establecido el servicio, el Abonado será responsable por el pago de todos los cargos correspondientes, incluyendo impuestos, cargos y recargos, para evitar la interrupción del Servicio.
21.
Contenido y Servicios: todos los servicios están sujetos a cambio, de conformidad con la legislación aplicable.
22.
Tarifas: todas las tarifas están sujetas a cambio, de conformidad con la legislación aplicable.
23.
Cargos por pago atrasado: si la cuenta del Abonado tiene una deuda con más de 30 días de atraso, es posible que se le cobre al Abonado un cargo por pago atrasado correspondiente, además del saldo adeudado atrasado, a la tarifa de Spectrum vigente en ese momento.
Si a partir de entonces la cuenta del Abonado continúa impaga, es posible que se suspendan o desconecten los Servicios del Abonado.
El Abonado puede evitar los cargos por pago atrasado pagando en tiempo y forma su factura mensual.
Todo cargo por pago atrasado no constituye interés, cargos de servicio por crédito, cargos financieros o recargos.Spectrum prevé que el Abonado pagará sus Servicios a tiempo.
Spectrum no otorga crédito a los clientes, excepto hasta el límite que el Abonado compre los Dispositivos comprados por el Abonado a Spectrum en virtud de un acuerdo de plan de cuotas.
24.
Descargo de responsabilidad: Spectrum no asume responsabilidad por ningún programa, servicios, contenido o información distribuidos en los Servicios o a través de estos, y Spectrum renuncia expresamente a toda responsabilidad por el uso que el Abonado haga de los mismos.
Asimismo, Spectrum no será responsable de ningún producto, mercancía o premios promocionados o adquiridos mediante el uso de los Servicios.
25.
Derecho a Hacer Indagaciones de Crédito: el Abonado autoriza a Spectrum a hacer indagaciones y a recibir información acerca del historial de crédito del Abonado, lo que incluye obtener el informe de crédito del Abonado, por parte de terceros.
introducir esta información en el expediente del Abonado.
y divulgar esta información relativa al Abonado a terceros con fines comerciales razonables.
26.
Derechos reservados de Spectrum: Spectrum se reserva el derecho de denegar, suspender o cancelar el Servicio a cualquier persona, en cualquier momento y por cualquier motivo que no esté prohibido por la ley.
Cuando sea conveniente, Spectrum proporcionará un aviso razonable según las circunstancias antes de suspender o cancelar el Servicio a un Abonado existente, y Spectrum proporcionará cualquier aviso previo de suspensión o cancelación requerido por la ley.
27.
Indemnización.
Al solicitar y aceptar los Servicios de Spectrum, el Abonado acepta defender, indemnizar y eximir de responsabilidad a Spectrum, incluso a sus funcionarios, directores, empleados, afiliadas, subsidiarias y agentes autorizados (de forma individual y colectiva, "Indemnizados de Spectrum") contra cualquier demanda, reclamación, proceso judicial, veredicto, gasto, incluso (entre otros) los honorarios razonables de abogados o testigos, pérdida, daños o destrucción de bienes personales, inmuebles o intelectuales, daño corporal o el fallecimiento de cualquier persona y otras responsabilidades que surjan de: a.
La instalación, operación, disposición u otro uso de los Servicios y/o Equipo de Spectrum.
b.
Cualquier violación de las Condiciones del servicio de Spectrum, Política de uso aceptable u otras políticas o requisitos publicados.
c.
La negligencia, la falta de ética profesional, la violación de los derechos de un tercero o el incumplimiento de la ley vigente por parte de (i) el Abonado, (ii) los miembros del hogar del Abonado o (iii) los huéspedes del Abonado, o (iv) cualquier otra persona que utilice los Servicios proporcionados al Abonado.
d.
Injuria o difamación resultante de cualquier uso de los Servicios por parte de (a) el Abonado o (b) los miembros del hogar del Abonado, (iii) los huéspedes del Abonado o (iv) cualquier otra persona que use los Servicios prestados al Abonado.
e.
La violación o malversación de cualquier patente, derechos de autor, marca registrada, nombre comercial, marca de servicio, secreto comercial u otros derechos de propiedad intelectual (ya sea por transmisión o material o de otro modo) por parte del (i) Abonado, (ii) los miembros del hogar del Abonado, (iii) los huéspedes del Abonado o (iv) cualquier otra persona que use los Servicios prestados al Abonado, incluido el que se efectúe a través de la combinación del uso por parte del Abonado de los respectivos Servicios con instalaciones, equipos o servicios proporcionados o utilizados por el Abonado u obtenidos de terceros.
f.
Todo uso de o acceso a los Servicios sin autorización, ilegal o fraudulento, excepto según lo dispongan las leyes vigentes.
y g.
Toda violación o invasión de los derechos de privacidad de cualquier persona o personas, causados o supuestamente causados, directa o indirectamente, por la instalación, el funcionamiento, la falta de funcionamiento, el mantenimiento, la extracción, la presencia, la condición, o el uso de las funciones del servicio 911/E911 y el equipo asociado con el mismo, o por el uso de cualquier servicio telefónico prestado por Spectrum en conexión al servicio 911/E911, incluso, entre otros, la identificación del número de teléfono la dirección o el nombre asociados con el uso del teléfono por parte de personas que acceden al servicio 911/E911 más abajo, y/o que surge de la negligencia o de otro acto ilícito de (i) el Abonado, (ii) los miembros del hogar del Abonado, (iii) los huéspedes del Abonado o (iv) cualquier otra persona que use los Servicios prestados al Abonado.
Las obligaciones de defensa e indemnización anteriores excluyen daños causados por la negligencia grave o conducta dolosa de los Indemnizados de Spectrum.
El Abonado acepta que los Indemnizados de Spectrum no son responsables por ningún daño ni responsabilidad que surgiera por la pérdida de Servicios (ya sea Internet, cable, teléfono u otros Servicios), y que el Abonado no entablará ningún tipo de demanda ni acción judicial en contra de los Indemnizados de Spectrum por la pérdida de Servicio.
El Abonado será el único responsable por cualquier daño o pérdida de Equipos de Spectrum, a menos que dicho daño o pérdida sea a causa únicamente de la negligencia o conducta dolosa de los Indemnizados de Spectrum.
LIMITACIÓN DE RESPONSABILIDAD.
LA LIMITACIÓN DE RESPONSABILIDAD ESTABLECIDA EN ESTA SECCIÓN SE APLICA A CUALQUIER ACTO, OMISIÓN Y NEGLIGENCIA DE SPECTRUM Y DE SUS PROVEEDORES, AGENTES Y DISTRIBUIDORES DE SERVICIOS EXTERNOS (Y SUS RESPECTIVOS DIRECTORES, EMPLEADOS, AGENTES, CONTRATISTAS O REPRESENTANTES).
BAJO NINGUNA CIRCUNSTANCIA SPECTRUM SERÁ RESPONSABLE ANTE EL CLIENTE POR DAÑOS INDIRECTOS, ESPECIALES, INCIDENTALES, CONSIGUIENTES, PUNITIVOS O EJEMPLARES QUE SURJAN DE, O ESTÉN RELACIONADOS CON, EL SERVICIO O CUALQUIER ACTO U OMISIÓN POR PARTE DE PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIOS EXTERNOS DE LOS DISPOSITIVOS COMPRADOS POR EL ABONADO O TRANSFERIDOS, AGENTES O SUBCONTRATISTAS DE SPECTRUM, O QUE ESTÉN RELACIONADOS CON CUALQUIER SERVICIO PROVISTO, TANTO SI DICHA RECLAMACIÓN SE BASA EN INFRACCIONES DE LA GARANTÍA, CONTRATO, AGRAVIO O CUALQUIER OTRA TEORÍA LEGAL, E INDEPENDIENTEMENTE DE LAS CAUSAS DE DICHAS PÉRDIDAS O DAÑOS, O SI FALLA CUALQUIER OTRA COMPENSACIÓN AQUÍ PROVISTA.
LA RESPONSABILIDAD TOTAL DE SPECTRUM Y LA COMPENSACIÓN EXCLUSIVA DEL CLIENTE CON RESPECTO AL USO DE LOS SERVICIOS O CUALQUIER INFRACCIÓN POR PARTE DE SPECTRUM DE CUALQUIER OBLIGACIÓN QUE PUEDA TENER SPECTRUM AL AMPARO DE ESTAS CONDICIONES DE SERVICIO O LEGISLACIÓN APLICABLE SERÁ LA CAPACIDAD DEL CLIENTE PARA CANCELAR EL SERVICIO O PARA CONSEGUIR LA SUSTITUCIÓN O REPARACIÓN DE CUALQUIER EQUIPO DEFECTUOSO PROPORCIONADO POR SPECTRUM.
EN NINGÚN CASO PODRÁ LA RESPONSABILIDAD DE SPECTRUM ANTE EL CLIENTE POR NINGUNA RECLAMACIÓN DERIVADA DE ESTAS CONDICIONES GENERALES SUPERAR EL MONTO PAGADO POR EL CLIENTE DURANTE EL PERÍODO DE TREINTA (30) DÍAS ANTERIORES.
EL ABONADO TAMBIÉN ACEPTA QUE NO TENDRÁ PERMITIDO DE NINGUNA MANERA PRESENTAR NINGÚN TIPO DE RECLAMACIÓN EN CONTRA DE SPECTRUM QUE FUERA RESULTADO, EN SU TOTALIDAD O EN PARTE, DEL INCUMPLIMIENTO DE ESTOS TÉRMINOS GENERALES POR PARTE DEL ABONADO.
ESTA SECCIÓN SOBREVIVIRÁ LA CANCELACIÓN DE ESTOS TÉRMINOS GENERALES.
28.
Política de privacidad.
Spectrum le facilitará al Abonado una copia de la política de privacidad del cliente en el momento en el que Spectrum ofrezca su Servicio al Abonado, y luego una vez al año, o conforme lo establezca la ley.
El Abonado puede consultar la versión más actual de nuestro aviso de privacidad ingresando en "www.spectrum.com", y luego en "Política de privacidad".
El Abonado asume la responsabilidad única de toda la privacidad, la seguridad y otros riesgos asociados a la divulgación de información de carácter personal a terceros a través del Servicio.
En la medida que Spectrum esté expresamente obligado a hacerlo según la legislación aplicable, Spectrum notificará al Abonado de toda violación de seguridad relacionada con cierta información de carácter personal sobre el Abonado.
El Abonado acepta que Spectrum puede recopilar y divulgar información relativa al Abonado y a su uso del Servicio en el modo y para los fines establecidos aquí y en la política de privacidad de Spectrum.
A fin de proteger la privacidad de la información de la cuenta del Abonado, Spectrum puede requerir que el Abonado utilice un código de seguridad u otro método, además del nombre de usuario y la contraseña, para confirmar su identidad cuando solicite o acceda de otro modo a su información de cuenta o realice cambios en su Servicio a través de los representantes del servicio al cliente de Spectrum.
El Abonado también puede optar por designar a un usuario autorizado de su cuenta (un "Usuario autorizado"), que podrá acceder a la información de su cuenta y realizar cambios en ella.
Una vez establecido, es posible que se le solicite al Usuario autorizado que autentique su identidad del mismo modo, de acuerdo con las políticas de Spectrum.
29.
ARBITRAJE.
Las siguientes disposiciones son importantes con respecto al acuerdo entre el Abonado y Spectrum, en relación con los Servicios de Spectrum resumidos en estos Términos generales.
LÉALAS DETENIDAMENTE PARA ASEGURARSE DE QUE EL ABONADO COMPRENDE CADA UNA DE LAS DISPOSICIONES.
Estos Términos generales exigen el uso de arbitraje para resolver disputas y limita de otro modo las compensaciones disponibles para el Abonado en el caso de una disputa.
Sujetos a las "Exclusiones" del párrafo siguiente, Spectrum y el Abonado acceden a arbitrar las disputas y reclamaciones derivadas de o relacionadas con esto Términos Generales, los Servicios, los Equipos o la comercialización de los Servicios que el Abonado recibió de Spectrum.
No obstante lo anterior, cada parte puede tomar una acción individual sobre cualquier asunto o materia ante el tribunal de reclamaciones menores.
ESTOS TÉRMINOS GENERALES CONSTATAN POR ESCRITO UNA TRANSACCIÓN DE COMERCIO INTERESTATAL.
LA LEY DE ARBITRAJE FEDERAL RIGE LA INTERPRETACIÓN Y LA APLICACIÓN DE ESTAS DISPOSICIONES DE ARBITRAJE.
La parte que intente buscar arbitraje debe primero enviar a la otra una notificación por escrito de su intención de arbitraje, con el título "Aviso de Intención de Arbitraje" ("Aviso").
El Aviso a Spectrum debe dirigirse a: VP and Associate General Counsel, Litigation, Charter Communications, 12405 Powerscourt Drive, St.
Louis, MO 63131 ("Dirección de Aviso de Arbitraje").
El Aviso debe: (1) describir la naturaleza y la base de la reclamación o disputa.
y (ii) estipular la compensación específica deseada.
Si no llegamos a un acuerdo para resolver la reclamación en el plazo de los 30 días posteriores a la recepción del Aviso, el Abonado o Spectrum pueden iniciar un procedimiento de arbitraje, en el cual todos los problemas los dirimirá un árbitro (incluido el alcance de la cláusula de arbitraje), pero el árbitro debe estar vinculado a los términos de estas Condiciones generales.
El arbitraje estará regido por las normas de arbitraje comercial y los procedimientos suplementarios para disputas relacionadas con clientes (colectivamente, "Normas de la AAA") de la American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), según modificadas por estos Términos Generales, y el arbitraje será administrado por la AAA.
Las Normas AAA y la información sobre los cargos están disponibles en "www.adr.org", por teléfono al 1-800-778-7879 o por correo a la Dirección del Aviso de arbitraje.
SPECTRUM ASUMIRÁ LOS COSTOS DE CUALQUIER CARGO ADMINISTRATIVO POR ARBITRAJE Y LOS HONORARIOS DEL ÁRBITRO PARA RECLAMACIONES DE HASTA $75,000.
EL ABONADO ES RESPONSABLE DE LOS COSTOS ADICIONALES EN QUE SE PUEDA INCURRIR EN EL ARBITRAJE, INCLUYENDO, AUNQUE NO EXCLUSIVAMENTE, HONORARIOS DE ABOGADOS O COSTOS DE TESTIGOS EXPERTOS, A MENOS QUE LA LEGISLACIÓN CORRESPONDIENTE RESPONSABILICE A SPECTRUM.
Si el laudo arbitral supera los $75,000, cada parte puede apelar dicha sentencia a un panel de tres árbitros administrado por la AAA y seleccionado según las normas de la AAA, presentando una apelación por escrito en el plazo de 30 días posteriores a la fecha del laudo de arbitraje.
La parte que apele debe ofrecer a la otra parte una copia de dicha apelación, junto con el envío del aviso de apelación a la AAA.
El panel de tres árbitros debe emitir una decisión en un plazo de 120 días a partir de la fecha del aviso de apelación de la parte que apela.
La decisión del panel de tres árbitros será definitiva y vinculante, excepto cuando exista algún derecho de apelación en conformidad con la Ley de Arbitraje Federal.
Las partes pueden optar por un arbitraje realizado únicamente en función de los documentos enviados al árbitro, por audiencia telefónica, o por audiencia en persona tal y como lo establecen las normas de la AAA.
EL ABONADO ACEPTA QUE, AL CELEBRAR ESTE ACUERDO, TANTO EL ABONADO COMO SPECTRUM RENUNCIAN AL DERECHO DE UN JUICIO CON JUEZ O JURADO Salvo que Spectrum y el Abonado acuerden lo contrario por escrito, todas las audiencias celebradas como parte del arbitraje tendrán lugar en el condado (o municipio) de la dirección de facturación del Abonado.
El árbitro puede conceder medidas cautelares solamente en favor de la parte que busca la compensación, solo hasta el alcance deseado, y solo hasta el límite necesario para ofrecer la compensación específica garantizada por la reclamación de dicho individuo.
Las partes acuerdan que el árbitro debe hacer efectivos los términos de estos Términos generales.
EL ABONADO Y SPECTRUM ACUERDAN QUE LAS RECLAMACIONES SOLO PUEDEN PRESENTARSE A TÍTULO INDIVIDUAL DEL ABONADO, Y NO EN NOMBRE DE, O COMO PARTE DE, UNA DEMANDA COLECTIVA O PROCEDIMIENTO REPRESENTATIVO Además, a menos que el Abonado y Spectrum lo acuerden de otro modo por escrito, el árbitro no puede consolidar los procedimientos o las reclamaciones de más de una persona y no puede presidir ninguna otra forma de procedimiento representativo o colectivo.
Si este párrafo específico no se puede aplicar, entonces la totalidad de estas disposiciones de arbitraje se declararán nulas, sin validez y sin efecto con respecto a la reclamación específica objeto del problema.
Derecho de exclusión.
Si el Abonado no desea regirse por estas disposiciones de arbitraje, debe notificárselo a Spectrum por escrito en un plazo de 30 días posteriores a (a) la fecha de entrada en vigencia de esta disposición de arbitraje, si el Abonado es un cliente actual, o (b) la fecha en la que el Abonado se suscribe por primera vez al/los Servicio(s).
El Abonado puede optar por la exclusión por correo postal a la Dirección del Aviso de arbitraje.
El aviso por escrito del Abonado a Spectrum debe incluir el nombre, dirección y número de cuenta de Spectrum del Abonado, así como también una indicación clara de que el Abonado no desea resolver disputas con Spectrum mediante un arbitraje.
La decisión del Abonado de quedar excluido de esta disposición de arbitraje no tendrá efectos adversos en su relación con Spectrum ni en la provisión de servicios que Spectrum le facilita al Abonado.
Divisibilidad.
Si alguna cláusula de estas disposiciones de arbitraje resulta ser ilegal o no aplicable, esa cláusula específica se separará de estas disposiciones de arbitraje, y las restantes disposiciones de arbitraje entrarán en vigor.
SIN PERJUICIO DE CUALQUIER DISPOSICIÓN AL CONTRARIO, EN EL CASO DE QUE SE DETERMINARA QUE ALGUNAS O TODAS LAS DISPOSICIONES DE ARBITRAJE SON ILEGALES O NO APLICABLES POR CUALQUIER MOTIVO, O SI UN TRIBUNAL DECIDIERA A PARTIR DE UNA RECLAMACIÓN QUE QUEDE FUERA DEL ÁMBITO DE ESTAS DISPOSICIONES DE ARBITRAJE CON RESPECTO A LA QUEJA OBJETO DEL PROBLEMA, AMBAS PARTES ACUERDAN RENUNCIAR, HASTA EL ALCANCE PERMITIDO POR LA LEY, A CUALQUIER JUICIO CON JURADO.
A los fines únicamente de lo mencionado anteriormente, en el caso de que dicha exención no sea aplicable, se separará de estas Condiciones generales, se declarará nula, sin validez y sin efecto, sin que ello afecte al resto de las disposiciones de arbitraje establecidas en el presente documento.
EXCLUSIONES.
EL ABONADO Y SPECTRUM ACUERDAN QUE LAS SIGUIENTES RECLAMACIONES O DISPUTAS NO ESTARÁN SUJETAS A ARBITRAJE: (1) TODA ACCIÓN INDIVIDUAL PRESENTADA POR EL ABONADO O POR SPECTRUM SOBRE CUALQUIER ASUNTO U OBJETO QUE ESTÉ DENTRO DE LA JURISDICCIÓN DE UN TRIBUNAL LIMITADO A RECLAMACIONES MENORES.
(2) TODA DISPUTA SOBRE LA VALIDEZ DE CUALQUIER DERECHO DE PROPIEDAD INTELECTUAL DE LAS PARTES.
(3) TODA DISPUTA RELACIONADA CON O DERIVADA DE IMPUTACIONES ASOCIADAS CON EL USO O LA RECEPCIÓN DEL SERVICIO NO AUTORIZADOS.
Para Abonados de video de Nueva York.
El Abonado puede elegir resolver una disputa a través de la Comisión de Servicios Públicos de Nueva York conforme a 16 NYCRR §890.709(a) y 16 NYCRR §709(c).
Las disposiciones de arbitraje anteriores sobrevivirán la cancelación de estos Términos generales.
EL ABONADO TIENE UN AÑO PARA PRESENTAR UNA RECLAMACIÓN EN CONTRA DE SPECTRUM, A MENOS QUE EL ABONADO SE EXCLUYA.
El Abonado puede presentar una reclamación en contra de Spectrum dentro del plazo de un (1) año después de la fecha en que surgió la reclamación o, a menos que las leyes aplicables indiquen que la ley de prescripción normal para dicha reclamación no se puede acortar por acuerdo.
Si el Abonado no presenta una reclamación dentro de este período, el Abonado rechaza, hasta el alcance máximo que permita la ley, todos los derechos que tiene con respecto a esa reclamación y Spectrum no tendrá responsabilidad alguna con respecto a dicha reclamación.
El Abonado puede excluirse de esta Sección, en cuyo caso se aplicará la ley de prescripción normal.
Para excluirse, el Abonado debe notificar a Spectrum por escrito enviando una carta a Sprectrum dirigida a VP and Associate General Counsel, Litigation, Charter Communications, 12405 Powerscourt Drive, St.
Louis, MO 63131, dentro de un plazo de 30 días de (a) la fecha en que esta disposición entre en vigencia, si el Abonado es un cliente actual, o (b) la fecha en que el Abonado se suscriba por primera vez al/los Servicio(s).
El aviso por escrito del Abonado debe incluir el nombre, dirección y número de cuenta de Spectrum del Abonado, así como también una indicación clara de que el Abonado no desea que se aplique esta Sección.
Esta sección sobrevivirá la cancelación de estos Términos generales.
30.
Fuerza mayor: Spectrum no será responsable por ninguna falla en el rendimiento o equipo (incluso Equipos de Spectrum) debido a causas más allá de su control, incluso, entre otros, casos fortuitos, incendio, inundación u otras catástrofes.
pérdida de energía eléctrica.
cualquier ley, orden, regulación, dirección, acción o requisito del Gobierno de los Estados Unidos o de cualquier otro gobierno, incluso gobiernos locales y estatales que tengan o reclamen jurisdicción sobre Spectrum, o de cualquier departamento de agencia, comisión, corporación u otro organismo de cualquiera de uno o más de estos gobiernos locales, estatales y federales, o de cualquier autoridad civil o militar.
emergencias nacionales, insurrección, disturbios, guerras, no disponibilidad de los derechos de paso o materiales, huelgas, paros patronales, suspensiones laborales u otras dificultados laborales.
31.
Supervivencia de las Condiciones.
Además de las condiciones indicadas específicamente en estos Términos generales en cuanto a la supervivencia tras la cancelación de estos Términos generales, todas las declaraciones, garantías, indemnizaciones y limitaciones de responsabilidad sobrevivirán a estos Términos y condiciones.
El derecho de Spectrum de contactar al Abonado también sobrevivirá a estos Términos Generales a menos que el Abonado se excluya conforme a los descrito en estos Términos Generales.
Todas las demás obligaciones del Abonado y Spectrum conforme a estos Términos generales también sobrevivirán a la cancelación si están relacionadas con el período antes de la cancelación o, si por sus términos, se esperaría que sobrevivan a dicha cancelación.
32.
Acuerdo completo: estos Términos generales (incluidas las Condiciones del servicio incorporadas al presente por referencia) constituyen el acuerdo completo entre el Abonado y Spectrum.
No se estimará como obligatorio para Spectrum ningún convenio, representación o garantía ofrecidos por un agente o representante de Spectrum en relación con la venta, la instalación, el mantenimiento o la eliminación de los Servicios o el Equipo de Spectrum, excepto en el caso en que se incluya expresamente en el presente.
El Abonado acuerda que, si cualquier parte de estos Términos generales resultara no válida o no aplicable, esa parte se interpretará de acuerdo con la legislación aplicable en la mayor medida posible, y que si se separa o anula, y por lo tanto invalida, las porciones restantes permanecerán en plena vigencia.
En caso de que Spectrum no pueda aplicar estrictamente alguna de las disposiciones de estas Condiciones generales, no renuncia por ello a ninguna de las disposiciones o derechos.
Ni la línea de conducta entre las partes ni las prácticas comerciales tendrán la capacidad de modificar ninguna de las disposiciones de estas Condiciones generales.
<p>Acuerdo De Servicios Residenciales De Spectrum</p> ACUERDO DE SERVICIOS RESIDENCIALES DE SPECTRUM Además de estos Términos y condiciones generales del servicio residencial ("Términos generales"), Usted, en forma individual ("Usted" o "Abonado") y Usted, en representación de cada miembro de su hogar, actual y futuro, cada visitante o huésped de su hogar y toda otra persona que utiliza los Servicios (junto con el Abonado, el "Grupo de Abonados") aceptan acatar los términos del servicio aplicables a los servicios residenciales de Spectrum (de aquí en adelante, "Servicio" o "Servicios"), así como al Aviso de Privacidad para Abonados de Spectrum que se encuentra en www.spectrum.com, en "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas" y en "Política de privacidad", los que se pueden actualizar ocasionalmente (en conjunto, las "Condiciones del servicio"), y que se incorporan a este documento mediante esta referencia.
En el caso de un conflicto entre los siguientes Términos generales y las Condiciones del servicio específicas del Servicio, las Condiciones del servicio específicas del Servicio tendrán prioridad.
A los fines de estas Condiciones del servicio, todas las referencias a "Spectrum" significan Charter Communications Operating, LLC y sus afiliadas o subsidiarias que proporcionan Servicios al Abonado (incluidos terceros que Spectrum puede conservar para proporcionar los Servicios).
Si Spectrum ofrece el servicio Spectrum Voice™ en la zona del Abonado, este será provisto mediante la afiliada del servicio de telefonía Spectrum que preste servicio en la zona del Abonado.
La firma del Abonado en la orden de trabajo presentada en la instalación de los Servicios, el uso de los Servicios por parte del Grupo de Abonados y/o cualquiera otra forma de firma o acción que indique la intención de utilización (por ejemplo, la aceptación en línea, la firma electrónica o romper el sello de una caja de kit de autoinstalación) serán evidencia de que el Grupo de Abonados acepta las Condiciones del Servicio incluidas en los Términos generales.
Spectrum puede modificar sus precios, cargos, Servicios y/o Condiciones del servicio.
El uso continuado de los Servicios por parte del Grupo de Abonados después de la notificación del cambio se considerará como el reconocimiento y la aceptación de dichos cambios por parte del Abonado, y la versión más reciente de estas Condiciones del servicio controla la relación del Abonado con Spectrum y la prestación de los Servicios al Abonado por parte de Spectrum.
La versión actual de las Condiciones del servicio se encuentra en "www.spectrum.com" en "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas".
El Abonado no puede modificar los siguientes Términos generales, las Condiciones del Servicio específicas del Servicio ni el Aviso de Privacidad para Abonados de Spectrum haciendo cambios a mano, a máquina o de cualquier otro tipo con ningún fin.
Este es un documento legal vinculante.
En caso de que una parte de los servicios sea cancelada, o se cambie algún aspecto de ella, el servicio que se conserve o el Servicio que la reemplace seguirá estando regido por estos Términos generales y las Condiciones del Servicio incorporados en el mismo.
Estos Términos generales y las Condiciones del Servicio no se aplican a los servicios vendidos con la marca Spectrum Business.
ESTOS TÉRMINOS GENERALES CONTIENEN (1) UNA DISPOSICIÓN DE ARBITRAJE VINCULANTE, QUE INCLUYE UNA RENUNCIA DE SU DERECHO A PRESENTAR RECLAMACIONES COMO ACCIONES.
(2) UNA LIMITACIÓN DE SU DERECHO A PRESENTAR RECLAMACIONES CONTRA SPECTRUM MÁS DE 1 AÑO DESPUÉS DE OCURRIDOS LOS EVENTOS RELEVANTES.
Y (3) EL DERECHO DE EXCLUSIÓN DE LAS DISPOSICIONES ANTERIORES.
ESTAS DISPOSICIONES AFECTAN EL DERECHO DEL ABONADO DE CONFORMIDAD CON ESTOS TÉRMINOS GENERALES CON RESPECTO A TODOS LOS SERVICIOS.
PARA OBTENER DETALLES DE ESTAS DISPOSICIONES, CONSULTE LA SECCIÓN 28.
1.
Pago de cargos: Al Abonado se le facturarán por adelantado en forma mensual los Servicios que recibirá, más cargos prorrateados, si los hubiera, por periodos no facturados anteriormente.
Al Abonado se le facturarán en forma mensual y a mes vencido los servicios de Pay-Per-View, On Demand u otros Servicios solicitados cuyos cargos se aplican en función del uso real o en pedidos realizados el mes anterior.
El Abonado deberá pagar todos los cargos mensuales y todos los cargos e impuestos aplicables, tal como se detallan en la factura mensual de Spectrum.
El Abonado notificará a Spectrum acerca de los cargos o artículos en disputa en un plazo de sesenta (60) días a partir de su recibo, o en un plazo mayor según lo requiera la legislación vigente.
El incumplimiento del pago de los cargos facturados (lo que incluye cheques devueltos por fondos insuficientes) puede provocar la interrupción del Servicio, el retiro de todo el Equipo (tal como se define a continuación en la Sección 4) y/o la imposición de un cargo por pago atrasado o cargo de servicio.
Si el Abonado tiene más de una cuenta (comercial y/o residencial) con servicio de Spectrum, todos los Servicios provistos por Spectrum en todas las ubicaciones pueden estar sujetos a suspensión o cancelación del Servicio si cualquiera de las cuentas permanece impaga, y Spectrum puede aplicar primero todos los fondos recibidos del Abonado a esas cuentas morosas.
Si el Abonado desease reanudar un Servicio después de una suspensión, el Abonado puede estar sujeto a un cargo por reconexión.
Si el Abonado desea reanudar un Servicio después de la cancelación de dicho Servicio, es posible que Spectrum le cobre un cargo por instalación, llamadas y/o por activación del servicio.
Esos cargos se aplicarán además de los cargos por pago atrasado y otros cargos.
Si se requirieran actividades de cobranza, es posible que se apliquen cargos de cobranza adicional.
Es posible que se apliquen cargos por las visitas del servicio cuando los equipos de Spectrum no sean la causa de la degradación, interrupción u otros problemas del servicio.
La primera factura del Abonado puede incluir cargos mensuales parciales del Servicio que haya recibido.
Si hace un pago parcial de alguna factura, y sin renunciar a su derecho de cobrar todo el saldo adeudado, Spectrum aplicará el pago a los cargos pendientes en los montos y proporciones que determine.
El Abonado entiende y acepta que al celebrar el acuerdo financiero que se describe en este documento, Spectrum no otorgará al Abonado ningún crédito y por lo tanto que Spectrum y el Abonado no celebrarán un crédito de consumo o transacción similar.
2.
Pago con cheque.
fondos insuficientes/artículos devueltos.
procesamiento por medio de terceros.
Si el Abonado realiza un pago con cheque, el Abonado autoriza a Spectrum a cobrar dicho pago en forma electrónica.
El Abonado no puede enmendar ni modificar estos Términos generales con ningún endoso restrictivo (como por ejemplo "pagado por completo"), liberación u otras declaraciones en los cheques que acompañen u otros pagos aceptados por Spectrum.
dichas anotaciones no tendrán efectos legales.
Si la compañía o institución financiera emisoras de la tarjeta del Abonado deniegan el pago por insuficiencia de fondos, cuentas cerradas o no autorizadas o cualquier otro motivo, se le cobrará al Abonado un cargo por fondos insuficientes (tal y como se establece en la tabla de precios aplicable para Servicio de video o Guía de precios aplicable para Servicio de voz en la zona del Abonado) en cada caso en el que dicho pago sea rechazado.
Por el presente, el Abonado autoriza a Spectrum a cobrar, de manera electrónica, todo monto rechazado y los cargos por fondos insuficientes de la cuenta correspondiente.
Además, se podría suspender o cancelar el Servicio del Abonado.
Este cargo es adicional a cualquier otro que la institución financiera del Abonado pudiese imponerle.
Si se rechaza inicialmente, Spectrum realizará varios intentos adicionales para conseguir la ejecución del pago hasta treinta (30) días después del rechazo inicial del pago.
El Abonado será responsable de cualquier cargo por procesamiento de pago generado al usar un tercero para procesar pagos del Abonado a Spectrum.
El Abonado será responsable de cualquier cargo por procesamiento de pago generado al usar un tercero para procesar pagos del Abonado a Spectrum.
3.
Política de reembolso de Spectrum/Garantía de 30 días.
Los Abonados nuevos de Spectrum (aquellos que no han sido clientes de Spectrum 90 días antes de la suscripción) son elegibles para recibir un reembolso/crédito de todos los niveles del Servicio de suscripción si no están totalmente satisfechos con el servicio.
Los Abonados actuales que agreguen un nuevo nivel de Servicio de suscripción son elegibles para recibir un reembolso/crédito solamente en los Servicios de suscripción agregados recientemente no recibidos en los 90 días anteriores.
Dicho reembolso es válido para clientes que paguen su primer mes de Servicios de suscripción recurrente mensual nuevos o actualizados.
Los servicios Pay-Per-View y otras compras de suscripción no recurrentes no serán reembolsables, como tampoco cualquier cargo por instalación aplicable.
El Abonado tiene un límite de un reembolso o crédito por hogar por un máximo de 30 días de Servicio.
Los reembolsos/créditos se otorgarán solo cuando Spectrum reciba la solicitud de cancelación del Servicio en un plazo de 45 días a partir de la instalación del Servicio (30 días de suscripción al Servicio más un período de gracia de 15 días para solicitudes formales de reembolso/crédito).
Todo equipo asociado a la nueva suscripción debe devolverse antes de hacerse efectivo el reembolso/crédito.
Todos los impuestos estatales, cargos de franquiciado y otras tarifas o cargos que puedan aplicarse son responsabilidad del Abonado y no serán objeto de reembolso o crédito.
Pueden aplicarse otras restricciones a cualquier oferta.
4.
Propiedad de Spectrum: Todo el equipo provisto por Spectrum distribuido y/o instalado para uso en las ubicaciones de servicio del Abonado por o por parte de Spectrum ("Equipo") sigue siendo propiedad de Spectrum, a excepción del "cableado en el hogar del cable" según se define en 47 C.F.R.
§76.5(ll).
El Equipo tiene como fin prestar servicio y residir en la ubicación de Servicio específica, y no se debe usar fuera de o trasladar de las instalaciones sin la autorización de Spectrum.
El Abonado debe devolver todo el Equipo al momento de sustituir el uso o cancelar el Servicio.
Si no lo hiciera, se generará un cargo, que se determinará según el programa de cargos de Spectrum para Equipos no devueltos vigente en ese momento, cuyo monto se considerará vencido de inmediato.
El Abonado acuerda pagar esos cargos si el Equipo se pierde (o es robado), se daña o se destruye.
5.
Interrupción del Servicio: Todos los Servicios se proporcionan "TAL CUAL" y "COMO ESTÁN DISPONIBLES".
En ningún caso Spectrum será responsable de ningún fallo o interrupción del Servicio, lo que incluye, aunque no exclusivamente, los fallos e interrupciones que resulten total o parcialmente de circunstancias que escapan al control razonable de Spectrum.
Sujeto a la legislación vigente, Spectrum podrá conceder un crédito con respecto a la tarifa de suscripción mensual recurrente del Abonado en caso de cortes en el Servicio de Spectrum que califiquen.
6.
Equipo: Spectrum reparará o reemplazará el Equipo dañado o defectuoso, si lo hubiera, siempre que el daño o defecto no haya sido provocado por el mal uso u otra operación o manipulación inadecuada por parte del Abonado.
Spectrum tendrá derecho a suponer mal uso u otra operación o manipulación inadecuada por parte del Abonado en el caso en que el Abonado solicite reparación o reemplazo más de dos veces en un periodo de doce (12) meses, o más de tres veces en un periodo de veinticuatro (24) meses, y no tendrá obligación de cumplir con dichas reparaciones o reemplazos.
Spectrum no es responsable por el mantenimiento o la reparación del equipo provisto por el Abonado, lo que incluye, aunque no exclusivamente, dispositivos, dispositivos móviles, teléfonos residenciales, computadoras, módems, televisores, u otros equipos relacionados provistos por el Abonado.
Se puede imponer un cargo de servicio al enviar un técnico si el Equipo se daña por uso negligente o mal uso, o si no se descubre ninguna falla en el sistema o el Equipo de Spectrum.
Spectrum no ofrece garantías con respecto al Equipo o al Servicio provisto por Spectrum, o con respecto a la compatibilidad del Servicio o el Equipo con cualquier equipo provisto por el Abonado.
TODO EL EQUIPO SE PROPORCIONA "TAL CUAL", Y POR EL PRESENTE SPECTRUM NO OFRECE GARANTÍAS DE NINGÚN MODO, YA SEA DE MANERA IMPLÍCITA O EXPLÍCITA, QUE INCLUYEN, NO EXCLUSIVAMENTE, CUALQUIER GARANTÍA IMPLÍCITA DE COMERCIABILIDAD, IDONEIDAD PARA UN FIN DETERMINADO, NO VIOLACIÓN DE DERECHOS DE TERCEROS, TÍTULO E IDONEIDAD PARA UN FIN DETERMINADO.
SPECTRUM NO SERÁ RESPONSABLE POR DAÑOS INDIRECTOS, CONSECUENTES, EJEMPLARES, ESPECIALES, FORTUITOS O PUNITIVOS (LO QUE INCLUYE, SIN LIMITACIÓN, PÉRDIDA DE NEGOCIOS, BENEFICIOS, INGRESOS O BUENA VOLUNTAD) QUE SURJAN DEL USO, LA IMPLEMENTACIÓN Y/O LA FUNCIONALIDAD DEL EQUIPO.
La única obligación de Spectrum y la única compensación para el Abonado con respecto a cualquier responsabilidad o daño provocados por el uso o la implementación del Equipo por parte del Abonado será un reembolso de los cargos pagados por el Abonado por dicho Equipo para el ciclo de facturación/mes anterior.
7.
Propiedad del Abonado: Spectrum no asume responsabilidad y no tendrá responsabilidad por el estado o la reparación del cualquier equipo y/o software provistos por el Abonado.
El Abonado es el responsable de la reparación y el mantenimiento del equipo y/o software provistos por el Abonado.
Spectrum no es responsable por la pérdida o la afectación del Servicio de Spectrum provocado total o parcialmente por mal funcionamiento, defectos u otras causas del equipo y/o software provistos por el Abonado.
Sin perjuicio de cualquier disposición en contrario, el Abonado acepta otorgarle a Spectrum y a nuestros agentes derecho a (A) instalar hardware en, (B) enviar descargas de software a, y (C) instalar, configurar el acceso, mantener, inspeccionar o mejorar el equipo provisto por el Abonado en la medida necesaria para proporcionar el Servicio.
El Abonado garantiza ser el propietario de dicho equipo o tener autoridad para darle acceso al mismo a Spectrum.
8.
Impuestos/Cargos: El Abonado acepta pagar los impuestos y los cargos locales, estatales y federales aplicados o recaudados con respecto a los Servicios, el Equipo o la instalación o los cargos de servicio generados con respecto a los mismos (lo que incluye cargos por franquicia).
En lo que respecta a impuestos y cargos, incluidos los cargos por franquicia, impuestos por autoridades regulatorias y gubernamentales pertinentes, Spectrum revisará el monto recaudado en tales cargos e impuestos con carácter trimestral y anual.
En el caso de que Spectrum determine que ha recopilado cargos y/o impuestos en exceso por sumas adeudadas a autoridades gubernamentales y regulatorias, Spectrum comenzará a reembolsar dichos cargos e impuestos excedentes a los abonados actuales en un plazo de 15 meses al finalizar cada año calendario.
Tenga en cuenta que, en conformidad con la ley y en algunos casos, es posible que se le facturen al Abonado cargos e impuestos relacionados con períodos anteriores a cuando el Abonado comenzó a recibir el Servicio.
Sin embargo, en conformidad con la ley, Spectrum no le facturará al Abonado esos cargos más de 4 años después del año en el que Spectrum incurrió en ellos.
Los cargos de franquicia resultantes de una auditoría por parte de la autoridad de franquicia correspondiente se incurren en el momento en el que se aplican esos cargos.
9.
Cuidado de la propiedad y el Servicio de Spectrum: El Abonado acepta que ni el Abonado ni ninguna otra persona (excepto personal autorizado de Spectrum) podrán: (A) abrir, alterar, realizar mantenimiento o efectuar cambios en el Equipo.
ni (B) quitar o trasladar el Equipo de la dirección de servicio después de la instalación inicial.
Cualquier alteración, modificación, retiro o uso del Equipo que permita recibir Servicios sin autorización o recibir Servicios a una cantidad de salidas no autorizada, o a ubicaciones no autorizadas, constituye robo del Servicio y está prohibido.
A pesar de lo anteriormente estipulado, al recibir una solicitud de un Abonado, Spectrum trasladará el Equipo para el Abonado dentro del hogar del Abonado en un momento acordado en conjunto entre Spectrum y el Abonado.
El Abonado puede incurrir en un cargo por ese traslado, y deberá consultar la tabla de tarifas y cargos de Spectrum antes de solicitar dicho traslado.
Si el Abonado se muda fuera del área de servicio de Spectrum, deberá notificar a Spectrum que estos Términos generales se cancelarán, y se aplicarán a la cancelación las disposiciones de la Sección 16.
10.
Acceso a la residencia del Abonado: El Abonado autoriza a Spectrum y a sus empleados, agentes, contratistas y representantes a acceder y a entrar de cualquier otro modo a la residencia del Abonado para instalar, inspeccionar, realizar mantenimiento y/o reparar el Equipo y, cuando se cancela el Servicio, sacar el Equipo de la residencia.
Si Spectrum no retira el Equipo, no se considerará abandono del mismo.
Si se requiere instalación y mantenimiento del Servicio en instalaciones que, a entera discreción de Spectrum, son o podrían ser riesgosas o peligrosas para nuestros empleados, el público o la propiedad, Spectrum puede negarse a instalar y a mantener dicho Servicio.
11.
Reconocimientos y contenidos relacionados con la grabación de las comunicaciones y derechos de contacto: a.
Grabación de las comunicaciones.
El Abonado reconoce y acepta que todas las comunicaciones entre el Abonado y Spectrum pueden ser grabadas o monitoreadas por Spectrum para el control de la calidad u otros fines sujetos a la legislación aplicable.
b.
Consentimiento para llamadas telefónicas.
Spectrum puede llamar o enviar un mensaje de texto al Abonado o autorizar a otras personas a llamar o enviar un mensaje de texto en su nombre incluyendo, a título enunciativo, a cualquier número que el Abonado proporciona a Spectrum (o que Spectrum otorga al Abonado) para cualquier fin, incluidos los servicios de comercialización de Spectrum.
Si los números del Abonado se encuentran en listas "No llamar" estatales o federales, Spectrum no llamará ni enviará mensajes de texto al Abonado con fines de comercialización, no obstante aún podrá llamar o enviar mensajes de texto al Abonado o autorizar a otras personas a hacerlo con fines no relacionados con la comercialización.
El Abonado es responsable de los cargos por los mensajes de texto entrantes en el teléfono inalámbrico del Abonado.
c.
Llamadas automatizadas.
Spectrum (o personas que actúan en representación de Spectrum) pueden usar sistemas de marcado automatizado o voces artificiales o grabadas para comunicarse con el Abonado o dejar mensajes al Abonado si la llamada va al correo de voz.
d.
Otras notificaciones.
El Abonado autoriza a Spectrum a proporcionar otras notificaciones al Abonado utilizando cualquier método que el Spectrum determine que es adecuado, incluidos los medios electrónicos (por ejemplo, e-mail o publicaciones en línea).
e.
Otros consentimientos.
Spectrum puede solicitar al Abonado que proporcione otros consentimientos o autorizaciones por medios electrónicos, e-mail o equipo del Abonado (por ejemplo, utilizando el control remoto del Abonado para comprar una película de VOD, para solicitar información relacionada con productos de un anunciante o para elegir ser parte de un estudio de consumo), y Spectrum tiene derecho a asumir que cualquier consentimiento o autorización que Spectrum recibe a través de los Servicios o de la ubicación del Abonado ha sido autorizada por el Abonado.
f.
Dirección de e-mail para notificaciones.
Si Spectrum lo solicita, el Abonado proporcionará a Spectrum una dirección de e-mail actual que el Abonado habitualmente revisa de modo que Spectrum pueda proporcionar notificaciones y comunicaciones al Abonado en esa dirección.
El derecho de Spectrum de contactar al Abonado según se describe en esta Sección sobrevive a la cancelación de estas Condiciones del servicio.
12.
Derecho de exclusión del Abonado de determinadas Llamadas automatizadas.
Si el Abonado no desea recibir llamadas, mensajes o mensajes de texto de Spectrum a través de sistemas de marcado automatizado o mensajes pregrabados en el teléfono celular del Abonado, el Abonado puede visitar nuestros sitios web para administrar las preferencias de comunicación.
El Abonado comprende que estos procedimientos directos son formas exclusivas de dar de baja tales llamadas.
El Abonado también otorga a Spectrum sesenta (60) días laborables para cumplir con la solicitud del Abonado y además acepta que Spectrum no será responsable de todas las llamadas o mensajes de texto al Abonado mientras tanto.
El Abonado comprende que Spectrum continuará utilizando el sistema de marcado automatizado o mensajes pregrabados en el teléfono celular del Abonado o línea fija para comunicar notificaciones de facturación no relacionadas con la comercialización, notificaciones de servicio, confirmaciones de citas o actualizaciones del estado de la cuenta.
13.
Requerimientos de conexiones seguras.
Sin derogar ni limitar de otro modo las obligaciones individuales del Abonado para proteger la cuenta y el equipo del Abonado de acuerdo con las Condiciones del Servicio, Spectrum tendrá derecho a implementar medidas razonables necesarias para rastrear, administrar y/o proteger la seguridad de la conexión entre cualquier dispositivo o aplicación utilizados por el Abonado, los miembros de la vivienda del Abonado, invitados del Abonado, Equipos de terceros o de Spectrum, el sistema u otras instalaciones de la red (ya sea a través de la conexión física, de Wi-Fi, inalámbrica, software u otros medios de conexión), incluidos, entre otros, la autenticación, la seguridad de acceso u otros procesos y medios.
14.
Asignación de transferencias: Estos Términos generales y los Servicios y/o Equipo provistos por Spectrum no se pueden asignar ni de otro modo transferir por el Abonado sin la autorización específica por escrito de Spectrum.
15.
Cancelación y vencimiento: a.
Cancelación por parte del Abonado: A menos que se cancele de otro modo, estos Términos generales se renovarán automáticamente cada mes.
El Abonado reconoce que todos los precios están sujetos a cambios al momento de dicha renovación.
Para cancelar cualquier Servicio recurrente, el Abonado debe llamar al 855-757-7328, o presentar una notificación de cancelación por escrito a Spectrum y enviarla a 2 Digital Place, Floor 4, Simpsonville, SC 29681.
b.
Cancelación por bancarrota: Spectrum tendrá derecho a cancelar estos Términos generales de inmediato si el Abonado hace una cesión de sus bienes a favor de los acreedores, o si se presenta en forma voluntaria o involuntaria una petición por parte o en contra del Abonado al amparo de cualquier ley con el fin de declarar en bancarrota al Abonado o reestructurarlo.
c.
Cancelación por infracción: Estos Términos generales pueden cancelarse y el Equipo de Spectrum puede retirarse, a elección de Spectrum, en el caso de infracción del Acuerdo por parte del Abonado.
incumplimiento de las tarifas, reglas y normas de Spectrum.
incumplimiento por parte del Abonado de proporcionar y mantener información de registro correcta.
o cualquier actividad ilegal del Abonado con el Servicio Spectrum.
Si Spectrum no retirara dicho Equipo, no se considerará abandono del mismo.
El Abonado deberá pagar cargos razonables por cobranza y/o honorarios de abogados a Spectrum cuando Spectrum lo considere necesario, a su discreción, efectuar cobranzas o preservar y proteger sus derechos según estos Términos generales.
Spectrum puede cancelar estos Términos generales, rechazar una solicitud o bloquear el acceso o el uso de cualquier componente de cualquier Servicio por cualquier razón, incluidos, sin limitaciones, los siguientes casos: (i.) Si el Abonado violó estos Términos generales, en esta o en otra cuenta de Spectrum.
(ii.) Si la información pedida en el proceso de solicitud es o se vuelve incorrecta o está ausente o incompleta.
(iii.) Si el Abonado ha amenazado o acosado a algún empleado, agente, contratista o representante de Spectrum.
(iv.) Si el emisor de la tarjeta de crédito del Abonado rechaza un cargo o algún otro método de pago no compensa a Spectrum.
(v.) Si existe una violación a las Condiciones del servicio o a otros acuerdos con respecto a cualquier Servicio determinado a entera discreción de Spectrum.
o (vi.) Si el soporte técnico que el Abonado solicita resulta excesivo, determinado a entera discreción de Spectrum.Además, el Abonado acepta que, en el caso de una cancelación debida a las subsecciones (b) o (c), Spectrum no tendrá ninguna responsabilidad para con el Abonado.
d.
Obligaciones derivadas de la cancelación: El Abonado acepta que cuando se cancelen estos Términos generales: (i.) Obligaciones derivadas de la cancelación: El Abonado acepta que cuando se cancelen estos Términos generales: (ii.) El Abonado devolverá de inmediato todo el Equipo a Spectrum.
Si el Abonado no devuelve cualquier Equipo en un plazo de diez (10) días a partir de la cancelación de estos Términos generales, además de los cargos por Equipo detallados en la Sección 16.d, el Abonado será responsable ante Spectrum según el programa de Spectrum de cargos por Equipo no devuelto vigente en ese momento.
e.
Renovación luego de cancelación: El Abonado reconoce y acepta que, en el caso de renovación luego de una cancelación del Servicio, el Abonado estará sujeto a los precios, a las garantías y a las Condiciones del servicio vigentes al momento de esa renovación.
16.
Derecho de Spectrum a emprender acciones y obligaciones de indemnización del abonado.
Si el Abonado infringe estos Términos generales, Spectrum tiene derecho a buscar compensación del Abonado para tal incumplimiento a través de arbitraje o, si el Abonado ha optado por excluirse de la disposición de arbitraje de estos Términos generales o estamos buscando una orden que le exija o le impida hacer algo, en el tribunal.
Además, si alguna persona o entidad presenta una reclamación contra Spectrum que surgiera de la relación del Abonado con Spectrum, los Servicios proporcionados al Abonado, los Términos generales o la infracción o incumplimiento del Abonado, el Abonado indemnizará, defenderá (a exclusiva elección de Spectrum) y liberará a Spectrum de responsabilidad, además reembolsará a Spectrum por las pérdidas en las que pudiera incurrir Spectrum, incluidos los costos y honorarios razonables de abogados, como resultado de dicha reclamación.
Las responsabilidades del Abonado de acuerdo con esta Sección cubren cualquier disputa, ya sea derivada de un contrato, agravio (por ejemplo una reclamación de negligencia o de responsabilidad del producto), violación de la ley o regulación o cualquier otra teoría legal.
17.
Depósito de seguridad: Cualquier depósito de seguridad solicitado al Abonado por el Equipo o el Servicio de Spectrum se vencerá y podrá pagarse cuando se facture el primer mes.
Esos depósitos de seguridad se devolverán al Abonado en un plazo de sesenta (60) días a partir de la cancelación del Servicio de Spectrum, siempre y cuando se hayan pagado todos los montos adeudados en la cuenta del Abonado y el Abonado haya devuelto el Equipo de Spectrum sin dañar.
Si Spectrum tiene un depósito en la cuenta del Abonado, Spectrum tiene derecho a utilizar el monto depositado para pagar algún saldo pendiente o un pago insuficiente.
18.
Pago por adelantado: Es posible que se solicite un pago por adelantado a los Abonados que no puedan o no quieran proporcionar información para establecer capacidad de crédito o que tengan una calificación de crédito insatisfactoria.
El pago por adelantado será igual al cargo de instalación correspondiente y un mes de cargos recurrentes, sin incluir impuestos, otros cargos y recargos.
El pago por adelantado aparecerá como un crédito y se aplicará a la primera factura mensual.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho a denegar el Servicio si el Abonado no cumple con los requisitos de crédito estándar.
Luego de que se haya establecido el Servicio, el Abonado será responsable por el pago de todos los cargos correspondientes, incluyendo impuestos, otros cargos y recargos, para evitar la interrupción del Servicio.
19.
Contenido y servicios: Todos los servicios están sujetos a cambio, de conformidad con la legislación aplicable.
20.
Tarifas: Todas las tarifas están sujetas a cambio, de conformidad con la legislación aplicable.
21.
Cargo por pago atrasado: Si la cuenta del Abonado tiene una deuda con más de 30 días de atraso, se incluirá un recordatorio en la factura del Abonado.
Si el saldo adeudado atrasado del Abonado continúa impago, es posible que se le cobre al Abonado un cargo por pago atrasado correspondiente, además del saldo adeudado atrasado a la tarifa de Spectrum vigente en ese momento.
Si a partir de ese momento la cuenta del Abonado permanece impaga, es posible que se suspendan o desconecten los Servicios del Abonado.
El Abonado puede evitar los cargos por pago atrasado pagando a tiempo su factura mensual.
Todo cargo por pago atrasado no constituye interés, cargos de servicio por crédito, cargos financieros o recargos.
Spectrum prevé que el Abonado pagará sus Servicios a tiempo, y Spectrum no extiende crédito a sus clientes.
22.
Descargo de responsabilidad: Spectrum no asume responsabilidad por ningún programa, servicios, contenido o información distribuidos en los Servicios o a través de estos, y Spectrum renuncia expresamente a toda responsabilidad por el uso que el Abonado haga de los mismos.
Asimismo, Spectrum no será responsable de ningún producto, mercancía o premios promocionados o adquiridos mediante el uso de los Servicios.
23.
Derecho a hacer investigaciones de crédito: El Abonado autoriza a Spectrum a hacer investigaciones y a recibir información acerca del historial de crédito del Abonado, lo que incluye el informe de crédito del abonado, por parte de terceros.
a introducir esta información en el expediente del Abonado.
y a divulgar esta información relativa al Abonado a terceros con fines empresariales razonables.
24.
Derechos reservados de Spectrum: Spectrum se reserva el derecho de denegar, suspender o cancelar el Servicio a cualquier persona en cualquier momento y por cualquier motivo que no esté prohibido por la ley.
Cuando sea conveniente, Spectrum proporcionará un aviso razonable según las circunstancias antes de suspender o cancelar el Servicio a un Abonado existente, y Spectrum proporcionará cualquier aviso previo de suspensión o cancelación requerido por la ley.
25.
Indemnización.
Al solicitar y aceptar el Servicio de Voz de Spectrum, el Abonado acepta defender, indemnizar y eximir de responsabilidad a Spectrum, incluso a sus funcionarios, directores, empleados, afiliadas, subsidiarias y agentes autorizados (en forma individual y colectiva, "Indemnizados de Spectrum") contra cualquier demanda, reclamación, proceso judicial, juicio, gasto (incluidos, entre otros, los honorarios razonables de abogados o testigos), pérdidas, daños o destrucción de propiedad personal, real o intelectual y otras responsabilidades originadas por: a.
La instalación, operación, provisión u otro uso de los Servicios y/o Equipos Spectrum.
b.
Toda violación de las Condiciones del servicio, política de uso aceptable u otras políticas o requisitos publicados de Spectrum.
c.
La conducta negligente o malintencionada, la violación de los derechos de un tercero o el incumplimiento de la ley correspondiente por parte de (i) el Abonado (ii), los miembros de la vivienda del Abonado, (iii) los invitados del Abonado o (iv) cualquier otra persona que use los Servicios ofrecidos al Abonado.
d.
Calumnias o injurias resultantes del uso de los Servicios por parte de (i) el Abonado (ii), los miembros de la vivienda del Abonado, (iii) los invitados del Abonado o (iv) cualquier otra persona que use los Servicios ofrecidos al Abonado.
e.
La infracción o malversación de cualquier patente, derecho de autor, marca registrada, marca comercial, marca de servicio, secreto industrial u otros derechos de propiedad intelectual (ya sea mediante transmisión, material o de algún otro modo) por parte de (i) el Abonado (ii), los miembros de la vivienda del Abonado, (iii) los invitados del Abonado o (iv) cualquier otra persona que use los Servicios ofrecidos al Abonado.
incluidos aquellos que se efectúen a través de la combinación del uso por parte del Abonado del respectivo Servicio con instalaciones, equipo o servicios proporcionados o utilizados por el Abonado u obtenidos de terceros.
f.
Excepto que la legislación aplicable disponga lo contrario, cualquier uso de o acceso a los Servicios no autorizado, ilegal o fraudulento.
g.
La violación o la invasión del derecho de privacidad de una o varias personas, causada o presuntamente causada, directa o indirectamente, por la instalación, la operación, la falta de operación, el mantenimiento, la eliminación, la presencia, el estado o la utilización de las características del servicio 911 o E-911 y del equipo asociado, o por el uso de cualquier Servicio de Voz suministrado por Spectrum, conjuntamente con el servicio 911 o E-911, incluyendo, pero no limitándose a, el número telefónico, dirección o nombre asociado con el teléfono utilizado por personas para acceder al servicio 911 o E-911 correspondiente, y/o que sea el resultado de la negligencia o de otros actos indebidos del (i) Abonado, (ii) de los miembros de la vivienda del Abonado, (iii) de los invitados del Abonado o (ii) toda otra persona que utilice los Servicios proporcionados al Abonado.
La anterior defensa y obligaciones de indemnización no incluyen los daños causados por la negligencia grave o la conducta malintencionada de los Indemnizados de Spectrum.
El Abonado acepta que los Indemnizados de Spectrum no son responsables de ningún daño o responsabilidad resultantes de la falta de Servicio (ya sea Internet, Cable, Voz u otros Servicios) y el Abonado tampoco hará ningún reclamo ni tomará acciones en contra de los Indemnizados de Spectrum por la pérdida del Servicio.
El Abonado será el único responsable de cualquier daño o pérdida del Equipo de Spectrum, a menos que dicho daño sea causado por negligencia o conducta malintencionada de los Indemnizados de Spectrum.
26.
LIMITACIÓN DE RESPONSABILIDAD.
LA LIMITACIÓN DE RESPONSABILIDAD ESTABLECIDA EN ESTA SECCIÓN SE APLICA A CUALQUIER ACTO, OMISIÓN Y NEGLIGENCIA DE SPECTRUM Y DE SUS TERCEROS PROVEEDORES, AGENTES Y SUMINISTRADORES DE SERVICIOS (Y SUS RESPECTIVOS DIRECTORES, EMPLEADOS, AGENTES, CONTRATISTAS O REPRESENTANTES).
BAJO NINGUNA CIRCUNSTANCIA SPECTRUM SERÁ RESPONSABLE ANTE EL CLIENTE POR DAÑOS INDIRECTOS, ESPECIALES, INCIDENTALES, CONSIGUIENTES, PUNITIVOS O EJEMPLARES QUE RESULTEN DE, O ESTÉN RELACIONADOS CON, EL SERVICIO O CUALQUIER ACTO U OMISIÓN POR PARTE DE PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIOS EXTERNOS, AGENTES O SUBCONTRATISTAS DE SPECTRUM, O QUE ESTÉN RELACIONADOS CON CUALQUIER SERVICIO SUMINISTRADO, TANTO SI DICHA RECLAMACIÓN SE BASA EN INFRACCIONES DE LA GARANTÍA, CONTRATO, AGRAVIO O CUALQUIER OTRA TEORÍA LEGAL, E INDEPENDIENTEMENTE DE LAS CAUSAS DE DICHAS PÉRDIDAS O DAÑOS, O SI FALLA CUALQUIER OTRA COMPENSACIÓN AQUÍ PROVISTA.
LA RESPONSABILIDAD TOTAL DE SPECTRUM Y LA COMPENSACIÓN EXCLUSIVA DEL CLIENTE CON RESPECTO AL USO DE LOS SERVICIOS O CUALQUIER INFRACCIÓN POR PARTE DE SPECTRUM DE CUALQUIER OBLIGACIÓN QUE PUEDA TENER SPECTRUM AL AMPARO DE ESTAS CONDICIONES DEL SERVICIO O LEGISLACIÓN APLICABLE SERÁ LA CAPACIDAD DEL CLIENTE PARA CANCELAR EL SERVICIO O PARA CONSEGUIR LA SUSTITUCIÓN O REPARACIÓN DE CUALQUIER EQUIPO DEFECTUOSO PROPORCIONADO POR SPECTRUM.
EN NINGÚN CASO PODRÁ LA RESPONSABILIDAD DE SPECTRUM ANTE EL CLIENTE POR NINGUNA RECLAMACIÓN DERIVADA DE ESTOS TÉRMINOS GENERALES SUPERAR EL MONTO PAGADO POR EL CLIENTE DURANTE EL PERÍODO DE TREINTA (30) DÍAS ANTERIORES.
ADEMÁS, EL ABONADO ACEPTA QUE NO SE PERMITIRÁ PRESENTAR RECLAMACIONES DE NINGÚN TIPO EN CONTRA DE SPECTRUM QUE RESULTEN EN SU TOTALIDAD O EN PARTE DEL INCUMPLIMIENTO DEL ABONADO DE ESTOS TÉRMINOS GENERALES.
ESTA SECCIÓN SOBREVIVIRÁ A LA CANCELACIÓN DE ESTOS TÉRMINOS GENERALES.
27.
Política de privacidad.
Spectrum le facilitará al Abonado una copia de la política de privacidad del cliente en el momento en el que Spectrum ofrezca su Servicio al Abonado, y luego una vez al año, o conforme lo establezca la ley.
El Abonado puede consultar la versión más actual de nuestro aviso de privacidad ingresando en "www.spectrum.com", y luego en "Política de privacidad".
El Abonado asume la responsabilidad única de toda la privacidad, la seguridad y otros riesgos asociados a la divulgación de información de carácter personal a terceros a través del Servicio.
Hasta el punto en el que se solicite a Spectrum expresamente que lo haga por medio de la legislación aplicable, Spectrum notificará al Abonado de toda infracción de seguridad relacionada con información de carácter personal del Abonado.
El Abonado acepta que Spectrum recopile y divulgue información relativa al Abonado y a su uso del Servicio en el modo y para los fines establecidos aquí y en la política de privacidad de Spectrum.
A fin de proteger la privacidad de la información de la cuenta del Abonado, Spectrum puede requerir que el Abonado utilice un código de seguridad u otro método, además del nombre de usuario y la contraseña, para confirmar su identidad cuando solicite o acceda de otro modo a su información de cuenta o realice cambios en su Servicio a través de los representantes del servicio al cliente de Spectrum.
El Abonado también puede optar por designar un usuario autorizado de su cuenta (un "Usuario Autorizado"), que podrá acceder a la información de su cuenta y realizar cambios en ella.
Una vez establecido, es posible que se le solicite al Usuario Autorizado que autentique su identidad del mismo modo, de acuerdo con las políticas de Spectrum.
28.
ARBITRAJE.
Las siguientes disposiciones son importantes con respecto al acuerdo entre el Abonado y Spectrum, en relación con los Servicios de Spectrum resumidos en estos Términos generales.
LÉALAS DETENIDAMENTE PARA ASEGURARSE DE QUE EL ABONADO COMPRENDE CADA UNA DE LAS DISPOSICIONES.
Estos Términos generales requieren el uso de arbitraje para resolver disputas y limita de otro modo las compensaciones disponibles para el Abonado en el caso de una disputa.
Sujetos a las "Exclusiones" del párrafo siguiente, Spectrum y el Abonado acceden a arbitrar las disputas y reclamaciones derivadas de o relacionadas con estos Términos generales, los Servicios, el Equipo o la comercialización de los Servicios que el Abonado recibió de Spectrum.
No obstante lo anterior, cada parte puede tomar una acción individual sobre cualquier asunto o materia ante el tribunal de reclamaciones menores.
ESTOS TÉRMINOS GENERALES CONSTATAN POR ESCRITO UNA TRANSACCIÓN DE COMERCIO INTERESTATAL.
LA LEY DE ARBITRAJE FEDERAL RIGE LA INTERPRETACIÓN Y LA APLICACIÓN DE ESTAS DISPOSICIONES DE ARBITRAJE.
La parte que intente buscar arbitraje primero debe enviar a la otra una notificación por escrito de su intención de arbitraje, con el título "Aviso de Intención de Arbitraje" ("Aviso").
El Aviso a Spectrum deberá dirigirse a la siguiente dirección: VP and Associate General Counsel, Litigation, Charter Communications, 12405 Powerscourt Drive, St.
Louis, MO 63131 ("Dirección de Aviso de Arbitraje").
El Aviso debe: (1) describir la naturaleza y la base de la reclamación o disputa.
y (ii) establecer la reparación específica deseada.
Si no llegamos a un acuerdo para resolver la reclamación en el plazo de los 30 días posteriores a la recepción del Aviso, el Abonado o Spectrum pueden iniciar un procedimiento de arbitraje, en el cual todos los problemas los dirimirá un árbitro (incluido el alcance de la cláusula de arbitraje), pero el árbitro debe estar vinculado a los términos de estos Términos generales.
El arbitraje estará regido por las normas de arbitraje comercial y los procedimientos suplementarios para disputas relacionadas con clientes (colectivamente, "Normas AAA") de la American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), según modificadas por estos Términos generales, y el arbitraje será administrado por la AAA.
Las Normas AAA y la información sobre los cargos están disponibles en "www.adr.org".
También podrá obtenerlas si llama al teléfono 1-800-778-7879 o si escribe a la Dirección de Aviso de Arbitraje.
SPECTRUM ASUMIRÁ LOS COSTOS DE CUALQUIER CARGO ADMINISTRATIVO POR ARBITRAJE Y LOS HONORARIOS DEL ÁRBITRO PARA RECLAMACIONES DE HASTA $75,000.
EL ABONADO ES RESPONSABLE DE LOS COSTOS ADICIONALES EN QUE SE PUEDA INCURRIR EN EL ARBITRAJE, INCLUYENDO, AUNQUE NO EXCLUSIVAMENTE, HONORARIOS DE ABOGADOS O COSTOS DE TESTIGOS EXPERTOS, A MENOS QUE LA LEGISLACIÓN CORRESPONDIENTE RESPONSABILICE A SPECTRUM.
Si el laudo arbitral supera los $75,000, cada parte puede apelar dicha sentencia a un panel de tres árbitros administrado por la AAA y seleccionado según las normas de la AAA, presentando una apelación por escrito en el plazo de 30 días posteriores a la fecha del laudo de arbitraje.
La parte que apele debe ofrecer a la otra parte una copia de dicha apelación, junto con el envío del aviso de apelación a la AAA.
El panel de tres árbitros debe emitir una decisión en un plazo de 120 días a partir de la fecha del aviso de apelación de la parte apelante.
La decisión del panel de tres árbitros será definitiva y vinculante, excepto cuando exista algún derecho de apelación al amparo de la Ley de Arbitraje Federal.
Las partes pueden optar por un arbitraje realizado únicamente en función de los documentos enviados al árbitro, por audiencia telefónica, o por audiencia en persona tal y como lo establecen las normas de la AAA.
EL ABONADO ACEPTA QUE, AL SUSCRIBIR ESTE ACUERDO, TANTO EL ABONADO COMO SPECTRUM RENUNCIAN AL DERECHO DE UN JUICIO CON JURADO.
Salvo que Spectrum y el Abonado lo acuerden de otro modo por escrito, todas las audiencias celebradas como parte del arbitraje tendrán lugar en el condado (o distrito) de la dirección de facturación del Abonado.
El árbitro puede conceder medidas cautelares solamente en favor de la parte que busca reparación y solo hasta el límite necesario para ofrecer la reparación específica garantizada por la reclamación de dicho individuo.
Las partes acuerdan que el árbitro debe hacer efectivos los términos de estos Términos generales.
EL ABONADO Y SPECTRUM ACUERDAN QUE LAS RECLAMACIONES SOLO PUEDEN PRESENTARSE A TÍTULO INDIVIDUAL DEL ABONADO, Y NO EN NOMBRE DE, O COMO PARTE DE, UNA ACCIÓN COLECTIVA O PROCEDIMIENTO REPRESENTATIVO.
Además, a menos que el Abonado y Spectrum lo acuerden de otro modo por escrito, el árbitro no puede consolidar los procedimientos o las reclamaciones de más de una persona y no puede presidir ninguna otra forma de procedimiento representativo o colectivo.
Si este párrafo específico no se puede aplicar, entonces la totalidad de estas disposiciones de arbitraje se declararán nulas, sin validez y sin efecto con respecto a la reclamación específica objeto del problema.
Derecho de exclusión.
Si el Abonado no desea estar vinculado por estas disposiciones de arbitraje, debe notificárselo a Spectrum por escrito en un plazo de 30 días posteriores a (a) la fecha de entrada en vigencia de la disposición de arbitraje o (b) la fecha en la que el Abonado se suscribe por primera vez a los Servicios.
El Abonado puede optar por la exclusión por correo postal a la Dirección del Aviso de arbitraje.
La notificación por escrito del Abonado a Spectrum debe incluir el nombre, dirección y número de cuenta de Spectrum del Abonado, así como una declaración clara en la que conste que el Abonado no desea resolver disputas con Spectrum por medio del arbitraje.
La decisión del Abonado de quedar excluido de esta disposición de arbitraje no tendrá efectos adversos en su relación con Spectrum ni en la entrega de servicios que Spectrum le facilita al Abonado.
Divisibilidad.
Si alguna cláusula de estas disposiciones de arbitraje resulta ser ilegal o no aplicable, esa cláusula específica se separará de estas disposiciones de arbitraje, y las restantes disposiciones de arbitraje entrarán en vigor.
SIN PERJUICIO DE CUALQUIER DISPOSICIÓN AL CONTRARIO, EN EL CASO DE QUE SE DETERMINARA QUE ALGUNAS O TODAS LAS DISPOSICIONES DE ARBITRAJE SON ILEGALES O NO APLICABLES POR CUALQUIER MOTIVO, O SI UN TRIBUNAL DECIDIERA A PARTIR DE UNA RECLAMACIÓN QUE QUEDE FUERA DEL ÁMBITO DE ESTAS DISPOSICIONES DE ARBITRAJE CON RESPECTO A LA QUEJA OBJETO DEL PROBLEMA, AMBAS PARTES ACUERDAN RENUNCIAR, HASTA EL ALCANCE PERMITIDO POR LA LEY, A CUALQUIER JUICIO CON JURADO.
A los fines únicamente de lo mencionado anteriormente, en el caso de que dicha exención no sea aplicable, se separará de estos Términos generales, se declarará nula, sin validez y sin efecto, sin que ello afecte al resto de las disposiciones de arbitraje establecidas en el presente documento.
EXCLUSIONES.
EL ABONADO Y SPECTRUM ACUERDAN QUE LAS SIGUIENTES RECLAMACIONES O DISPUTAS NO ESTARÁN SUJETAS A ARBITRAJE: (1) TODA ACCIÓN INDIVIDUAL PRESENTADA POR EL ABONADO O POR SPECTRUM SOBRE CUALQUIER ASUNTO U OBJETO QUE ESTÉ DENTRO DE LA JURISDICCIÓN DE UN TRIBUNAL LIMITADO A RECLAMACIONES MENORES.
(2) TODA DISPUTA SOBRE LA VALIDEZ DE CUALQUIER DERECHO DE PROPIEDAD INTELECTUAL DE LAS PARTES.
(3) TODA DISPUTA RELACIONADA CON O DERIVADA DE IMPUTACIONES ASOCIADAS CON EL USO O LA RECEPCIÓN DEL SERVICIO NO AUTORIZADOS.
29.
Para Abonados de video de Nueva York.
El Abonado puede optar por resolver una disputa a través de la Comisión de Servicios Públicos de Nueva York, de conformidad con 16 NYCRR §890.709(a) y 16 NYCRR §709(c).
Las anteriores disposiciones de arbitraje sobrevivirán a la cancelación de estos Términos generales.
EL ABONADO TIENE UN AÑO PARA PRESENTAR UNA RECLAMACIÓN CONTRA SPECTRUM, A MENOS QUE EL ABONADO OPTE POR LA EXCLUSIÓN.
El Abonado debe presentar cualquier reclamación contra Spectrum en un plazo de un (1) año posterior a la fecha en la que surgió la reclamación o a menos que la ley correspondiente estipule que el estatuto normal de limitaciones para esa reclamación no puede ser acortado por el acuerdo.
Si el Abonado no presenta una reclamación dentro de este plazo, el Abonado renuncia, hasta la medida máxima que permita la ley, a todos los derechos que el Abonado tiene con respecto a tal reclamación y Spectrum no tendrá responsabilidad con respecto a esa reclamación.
El Abonado puede excluir esta Sección, en cuyo caso se aplicará el estatuto normal de limitaciones.
Para la exclusión, el Abonado debe notificárselo a Spectrum por escrito enviándole una carta a la dirección VP and Associate General Counsel, Litigation, Charter Communications, 12405 Powerscourt Drive, St.
Louis, MO 63131, en un plazo de 30 días posteriores a (a) la fecha de entrada en vigencia de la disposición o (b) la fecha en la que el Abonado se suscribe por primera vez a los Servicios.
La notificación por escrito del Abonado debe incluir el nombre, dirección y número de cuenta de Spectrum del Abonado, así como una declaración clara en la que conste que el Abonado no desea que se aplique esta Sección.
Esta sección sobrevivirá a la cancelación de estos Términos generales.
30.
Fuerza mayor: Spectrum no será responsable por cualquier falla en el rendimiento o el equipo de cualquier tipo (incluidos los Equipos de Spectrum) debido a causas más allá de su control, incluyendo, entre otros: casos fortuitos, incendios, inundaciones u otras catástrofes.
cortes de la electricidad.
cualquier ley, orden, regulación, directiva, acción o solicitud por parte del gobierno de los Estados Unidos u otro gobierno, incluyendo gobiernos locales y estatales, que posean o digan poseer jurisdicción sobre Spectrum, o cualquier departamento, agencia, comisión, buró, corporación u otro organismo de alguno o varios de estos gobiernos federales, estatales o locales, o cualquier autoridad civil o militar.
emergencias nacionales.
insurrección.
revueltas, guerras, falta de disponibilidad de derechos de paso o materiales.
o huelgas, cierres patronales, paros u otras dificultades laborales.
31.
Vigencia de los términos.
Además de los términos especificados en estos Términos generales como vigentes luego de la cancelación de estos Términos generales, todas las declaraciones, garantías, indemnizaciones y limitaciones de responsabilidad sobrevivirán a estos Términos generales.
El derecho de Spectrum a comunicarse con el Abonado también sobrevivirá a estos Términos generales a menos que el Abonado opte por la exclusión en la forma descrita en estos Términos generales.
Todas las demás obligaciones del Abonado y de Spectrum en conformidad con estos Términos generales también sobreviven a la cancelación si están relacionadas con el período anterior a la cancelación o, si por sus términos, se esperaría que sobrevivan a dicha cancelación.
32.
Totalidad del acuerdo: Estos Términos generales (incluidas las Condiciones del Servicio incorporadas en el presente por referencia) constituyen el acuerdo integral entre el Abonado y Spectrum.
Ningún tipo de gestión, representación ni garantía declarada por un agente o representante de Spectrum en conexión con la venta, instalación, mantenimiento o desinstalación de los Servicios o el Equipo de Spectrum será vinculante para Spectrum salvo que esté expresamente incluido en el presente.
El Abonado acuerda que, si cualquier parte de estos Términos generales resultara inválida o no aplicable, esa parte se interpretará de acuerdo con la legislación aplicable en la mayor medida posible, y que si se separa o anula, y por lo tanto invalida, las porciones restantes seguirán siendo válidas.
En caso de que Spectrum no pueda aplicar estrictamente alguna de las disposiciones de los Términos generales, no renuncia por ello a ninguna de las disposiciones o derechos.
Ni la línea de conducta entre las partes ni las prácticas comerciales tendrán la capacidad de modificar ninguna de las disposiciones de estos Términos.
<p>Política De Uso Aceptable De Spectrum Internet</p> POLÍTICA DE USO ACEPTABLE DE SPECTRUM INTERNET Para poder proporcionar un servicio al cliente de primera calidad y garantizar la integridad, seguridad y confiabilidad de la Red de Internet de Charter Communications Operating, LLC y sus respectivas afiliadas y subsidiarias que proporcionan servicios ("Spectrum"), Spectrum ha creado esta Política de uso aceptable (AUP).
Esta AUP se aplica junto con los Términos y condiciones del servicio que rigen el uso por parte del Abonado del servicio de Internet de Spectrum y otros relacionados (en conjunto, las "Condiciones del servicio"), la Política de privacidad de Spectrum y la Declaración sobre las prácticas de administración de la red de Spectrum, para especificar las restricciones de uso y los requisitos aplicables a los usuarios del Servicio.
El Abonado reconoce y acepta que la versión actual de la AUP establecida por Spectrum y publicada en el sitio web de Spectrum suplantará todas las versiones anteriores de este documento y que el uso continuo por parte del Abonado del servicio de Internet de Spectrum implica que el Abonado acepta esta política así como sus futuras enmiendas.
Al utilizar este Servicio, el Abonado acepta acatar, y requerir que cada usuario del Servicio acate, las condiciones de esta AUP y las Condiciones del servicio asociadas.
Cualquier usuario que no acepte quedar sujeto a estas condiciones debe cesar de inmediato su uso del Servicio y notificar al departamento de Servicio al Cliente de Spectrum que cancele la cuenta.
1.
Uso.
El Servicio está diseñado para uso personal y familiar (solo uso residencial), dentro de un solo hogar.
El Abonado acepta que solo el Abonado y los miembros autorizados que vivan en el mismo hogar del Abonado son quienes usarán el Servicio.
El Abonado es responsable de cualquier uso indebido del Servicio que ocurra a través de la cuenta del Abonado, ya sea por parte de un miembro del hogar del Abonado o un tercero autorizado o no autorizado.
El Abonado no utilizará, ni permitirá que otras personas utilicen, el Servicio para operar ningún tipo de negocio o iniciativa comercial, incluyendo, a modo enunciativo pero no limitativo, traducción de direcciones IP o recursos similares, con el fin de proporcionar acceso adicional.
El Abonado no revenderá ni redistribuirá (así como no permitirá que otros revendan ni redistribuyan) acceso al Servicio de ningún modo, incluido, a título enunciativo, a través del uso de tecnología inalámbrica.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho, a su entera discreción, de suspender, cancelar o restringir de inmediato el uso del Servicio sin previo aviso si dicho uso viola la AUP o las Condiciones del servicio, es objetable o ilegal, o bien interfiere con los sistemas o la Red de Internet de Spectrum, el servicio de Internet o el uso del Servicio por parte de otras personas.
2.
Actividades prohibidas al utilizar el Sistema, la Red y el Servicio.
Cualquier actividad del uso del Servicio que viole la seguridad o integridad del sistema o la red queda prohibida y puede ser motivo de responsabilidad civil y penal.
Tales violaciones incluyen, sin limitación, lo siguiente: a.
Acceso no autorizado a los datos, a los sistemas o a la redes, o el uso no autorizado de estos, lo que incluye cualquier intento de explorar, analizar o poner a prueba la vulnerabilidad de un sistema o red, o violar la seguridad o las medidas de autenticación sin la autorización expresa del propietario del sistema o de la red.
b.
El monitoreo no autorizado de datos o el tráfico de cualquier red o sistema sin la autorización expresa del propietario de la red.
c.
La interferencia con el servicio de Internet para cualquier usuario, host o red, incluidos, a título enunciativo: bombardeo de correo electrónico, inundación de mensajes o ataques por denegación de servicio.
d.
La falsificación del encabezado de cualquier paquete de información transmitido, e-mail o publicación de Usenet.
e.La modificación o alteración de cualquier hardware, software o configuración proporcionados por Spectrum, incluidos, a título enunciativo: enrutadores, interruptores y archivos de configuración de cable módem.
f.
La reventa u otro modo de redistribución del Servicio.
g.
La interrupción, la degradación u otro tipo de impacto adverso en la red de Spectrum o el equipo informático perteneciente a Spectrum o a otros abonados de Spectrum.
h.
La transmisión de mensajes masivos o comerciales no solicitados, comúnmente conocidos como "correo no deseado".
i.
La adopción o asignación de una dirección IP de Spectrum que no haya sido adjudicada al usuario por Spectrum o su red.
todos los usuarios de Spectrum Internet deben usar el DHCP asignado por el Servicio para adquirir una dirección IP.
j.
Cualquiera de las siguientes actividades realizadas por el Abonado a través de máquinas dedicadas (también conocidas como "máquinas" o "servidores dedicados") o servidores virtuales dedicados (también conocidos como "VDS", "VPS", "máquinas virtuales" y/o "servidores virtuales"): (i) la ejecución de un túnel o proxy hacia un servidor en otro host o (ii) el alojamiento, almacenamiento, proxy o uso de una utilidad de prueba de redes o herramienta de denegación de servicio (DoS/DDoS) en cualquier capacidad.
k.
Debido a que el Servicio solo es para uso residencial, cualquier uso del mismo con fines no residenciales queda prohibido y puede causar una reducción en el servicio, su suspensión o cancelación a entera discreción de Spectrum.
Los fines no residenciales incluyen, a título enunciativo, lo siguiente: l.
La ejecución de cualquier tipo de servidor en el sistema que no sea compatible con el uso personal y residencial.
Esto incluye, a título enunciativo, FTP, IRC, SMTP, POP, HTTP, SOCS, SQUID, NTP, DNS o cualquier otro foro para múltiples usuarios.
m.
Cualquier tipo de distribución de información, software u otros materiales obtenidos a través del servicio o de otro modo que estén protegidos por derechos de autor u otros derechos exclusivos, sin la obtención de cualquier permiso requerido por parte del propietario.
n.
La traducción de direcciones IP o instalaciones similares con el fin de proporcionar acceso adicional.
3.
NUso ilegal o fraudulento.
El Servicio solo puede ser utilizado con fines legales.
El Abonado no utilizará ni permitirá que otros utilicen el servicio de forma que constituya una violación de cualquier ley federal, estatal, local o internacional correspondiente, o de regulaciones.
o que promueva o participe en una actividad ilegal o una conducta que viole o infrinja los derechos de cualquier persona, o que las permita.
Se prohíbe la transmisión o distribución de materiales que violen las leyes o regulaciones pertinentes.
Esto incluye, sin limitación, el material protegido por derechos de autor, marca registrada, secreto comercial u otro derecho de propiedad intelectual utilizado sin la debida autorización, y el material que sea obsceno, ilegal, difamatorio, que constituya una amenaza ilegal o que viole las leyes de control de exportaciones.
Asimismo, no se permite el uso del Servicio para suplantar a una persona o entidad.
4.
Seguridad/Uso indebido de recursos.
El usuario es el único responsable de la seguridad de cualquier dispositivo conectado al Servicio, incluidos los datos almacenados en dicho dispositivo.
Los usuarios deberán tomar todas las medidas necesarias para evitar aquellas acciones que puedan dar como resultado el abuso de un recurso en su red.
Algunos ejemplos de abuso de recursos incluyen, a título enunciativo: servidores abiertos de noticias, servidores SMTP abiertos, enrutadores inalámbricos no seguros y servidores proxy no seguros.
En el caso de que el Abonado esté utilizando un enrutador inalámbrico, Spectrum requiere que cualquier red móvil sea segura y esté codificada.
Las redes móviles abiertas no codificadas quedan estrictamente prohibidas.
Si surgiese alguna dificultad, el Abonado debe abordar el problema en el momento adecuado.
Si no se solucionara el problema después de la correspondiente notificación, esto será considerado como una violación de esta AUP.
5.
Administración de la red.
Spectrum utiliza una gran variedad de herramientas y prácticas razonables para la administración de la red en conformidad con las normas de la industria.
En el caso de que los períodos de congestión requieran dicha administración, Spectrum cuenta con las siguientes herramientas y prácticas (sin limitaciones y según se puedan modificar con el paso del tiempo): (i) la tecnología de Administración de tráfico de abonados (STM) para reducir temporalmente la prioridad de tráfico con el mayor impacto en el momento de máxima congestión.
(ii) filtración de correo no deseado y técnicas de detección.
y (iii) medidas para proteger la seguridad o integridad de su red, sus recursos y sus abonados (por ejemplo, servicios de reputación de IP desde múltiples fuentes para rechazar la retransmisión de correo a IP sospechosas fuera del entorno de Charter, listas de bloqueo de IP en tiempo real para determinar si aceptar o no una conexión a servidores de correo entrante, técnicas de seguridad de puertos, como la codificación y autenticación, y monitoreo de tráfico de servidor a servidor de e-mail).
En ciertos casos, si se emplean estas técnicas, esto puede afectar la velocidad de rendimiento con la cual los abonados pueden enviar y recibir datos, tener un impacto en la capacidad de los usuarios para establecer conexiones de sesión dentro de la red o causar una demora en el tráfico durante los momentos de máxima congestión.
Para obtener más información acerca de las prácticas y políticas de administración de la red de Spectrum, consulte la Declaración sobre las Prácticas de Administración de la Red de Spectrum 6.
Virus.
Los usuarios deben tomar las medidas apropiadas para evitar que sus sistemas se infecten con y/o distribuyan virus informáticos, incluidos, a título enunciativo, gusanos, "troyanos", ataques por denegación de servicio y bots.
Spectrum tomará las medidas apropiadas (según el criterio exclusivo de Spectrum) contra los Usuarios infectados con virus informáticos o gusanos a fin de evitar que se extiendan aún más.
7.
Implementación de medidas.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho a investigar las violaciones de esta AUP, incluidas la recopilación de información del Abonado u otros Usuarios involucrados y la parte denunciante, si la hubiera, y la examinación del material en los servidores y la red de Spectrum.
Spectrum prefiere notificar a los Usuarios acerca de las violaciones de la AUP y de cualquier acción correctiva necesaria, pero si Spectrum, a su entera discreción, determina que un Usuario ha violado la AUP, tomará cualquier medida de respuesta que considere apropiada sin previo aviso.
Dichas medidas incluyen, a título enunciativo: la suspensión temporal del servicio, una reducción de los recursos del servicio y la cancelación del servicio.
Spectrum no se responsabiliza por ninguna acción de respuesta y dichas acciones no son exclusivas.
Spectrum puede tomar cualquier otra medida legal o técnica que considere apropiada.
8.
Exoneración.
Si Spectrum o sus afiliadas no ejecutan alguna disposición de esta Política en cualquier momento dado, esto no deberá ser interpretado como una renuncia a ningún derecho a hacerlo en el futuro.
9.
Revisiones de la Política.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho a actualizar o modificar ocasionalmente esta Política en cualquier momento, con o sin previo aviso.
El uso continuado del Servicio se considerará como el reconocimiento y la aceptación de esta Política.
Es posible que el aviso de las modificaciones de esta Política se publique en el sitio web de Spectrum en www.spectrum.com, en la sección "Condiciones del Servicio/Políticas" o sea enviado por e-mail o a través de correo convencional, y entrará en vigencia inmediatamente al momento de su publicación o envío.
Recomendamos que los Abonados visiten regularmente el sitio web de Spectrum y revisen esta Política para asegurarse de que sus actividades respeten la versión más reciente.
En el caso de que exista un conflicto entre cualquier acuerdo con el abonado y esta Política, las condiciones de esta Política serán las que prevalezcan.
En caso de tener preguntas acerca de esta Política, diríjalas a AUPQuestions@charter.com.
Los Abonados de Charter deben enviar sus quejas por violación a abuse@charter.net.
<p>Acuerdo Del Servicio De Internet Residencial De Spectrum</p> ACUERDO DEL SERVICIO DE INTERNET RESIDENCIAL DE SPECTRUM ESTOS TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES DE SERVICIO QUE CUBREN SU USO DEL SERVICIO DE INTERNET DE SPECTRUM INCLUYEN UNA CLÁUSULA DE ARBITRAJE VINCULANTE EN LOS TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES GENERALES PARA LOS SERVICIOS RESIDENCIALES DE SPECTRUM, QUE INCLUYE UNA RENUNCIA DE ACCIONES Y CLÁUSULAS COLECTIVAS PARA LA EXCLUSIÓN DEL ARBITRAJE.
Charter Communications, Inc.
en representación de sí misma y sus afiliadas y subsidiarias autorizadas para ofrecer los servicios establecidos en el presente ("Spectrum") le ofrecerá a Usted ("Abonado") sus servicios de acceso a Internet (el "Servicio de Internet") de acuerdo con estos términos y condiciones.
Dichos términos y condiciones incorporan e incluyen la Política de uso aceptable ("AUP"), los Términos y condiciones generales para los Servicios residenciales de Spectrum y la Política de privacidad de Spectrum, y asimismo las modificaciones que oportunamente pudieran sufrir (en conjunto, las "Condiciones del servicio"), las que pueden encontrarse en www.spectrum.com, dentro de "Condiciones del servicio/políticas" y "Sus derechos de privacidad".
El uso del servicio de Internet por parte del Abonado se considerará como el reconocimiento de que el Abonado leyó y aceptó los Términos del servicio.
Cualquier usuario que no acepte estar obligado por estos términos debe dejar de usar de inmediato el Servicio de Internet y notificar a Servicio al cliente de Spectrum llamando al 833-267-6095 para dar de baja la cuenta.
Los términos que aparecen con mayúscula inicial pero sin definición, serán definidos en los otros documentos que se detallaron arriba.
Estas Condiciones del servicio constituyen un documento vinculante legalmente.
Spectrum actualiza y modifica con regularidad estas Condiciones del servicio.
El Abonado debe consultar la página www.spectrum.com para asegurarse de estar en cumplimiento con los términos.
1.
Equipo: Para utilizar el Servicio de Internet, el Abonado debe cumplir con los requisitos mínimos de computadora, equipo, red doméstica y sistema, tal como lo especifica Spectrum.
a.
Computadoras: La computadora personal que el Abonado emplee para acceder al Servicio de Internet debe cumplir con los estándares de configuración mínimos.
Consulte los Requisitos de sistema de Spectrum para conocer las especificaciones actuales.
Las normas de configuración mínimas pueden cambiar, y Spectrum hará esfuerzos razonables para dar soporte a las configuraciones aceptables previas.
sin embargo, Spectrum no está obligado a continuar ofreciendo tal soporte.
A fin de operar el Servicio de Internet, Spectrum puede suministrar equipos como módems, portales, enrutadores o tarjetas inalámbricas, sin cargo o mediante el pago de una tarifa única o recurrente.
El Abonado reconoce que tales equipos pueden requerir actualizaciones y/o cambios al software residente en el equipo y que es posible que al Abonado se le exija realizar tales actualizaciones y/o cambios.
No obstante, el Abonado autoriza a Spectrum por medio del presente a realizar actualizaciones y/o cambios in-situ o en forma remota oportunamente según Spectrum lo considere necesario, a exclusivo criterio de Spectrum.
b.
Spectrum no proporcionará asistencia técnica para hardware o para software de terceros, lo que incluye a modo enunciativo pero no limitativo, redes domésticas o sistemas de juegos.
Cualquier pregunta relacionada con el hardware o software de terceros deberá dirigirse al proveedor de dicho producto.
Spectrum no es responsable por el funcionamiento o soporte, mantenimiento o reparación de cualquier equipo, software o servicios que el Abonado elija usar en conexión con el Servicio de Internet.
c.
El Abonado no conectará a la toma de cable módem ningún equipo que no sean los autorizados por Spectrum.
El Abonado entiende que el incumplimiento de esta restricción puede causar daños a la red de Spectrum y someter al Abonado a la responsabilidad por daños y/o procesos penales.
El Abonado no puede alterar, modificar o adulterar el equipo ni el Servicio de Internet, o permitir que cualquier otra persona no autorizada por Spectrum haga lo mismo.
2.
Interfaz de red: Cuando Spectrum instale el Servicio de Internet, el Abonado necesitará una tarjeta de interfaz de red o un adaptador que permita una conexión Ethernet.
Alternativamente, el Abonado puede conectarse a un dispositivo de red residencial (comúnmente denominado enrutador o portal).
3.
Cable módem/Otro equipo de Spectrum: El Abonado puede obtener un cable módem de Spectrum o bien puede comprar y usar un cable módem a un tercero minorista, siempre y cuando ese dispositivo haya sido probado, certificado y aprobado por Spectrum de conformidad con su Política del módem DOCSIS (Spectrum.net/modems), en virtud de la cual se establecen las especificaciones mínimas para cable módems aprobados para el uso con la red, los sistemas y los servicios de Spectrum.
El costo mensual del Servicio de Internet no será reducido ni se hará un descuento si el Abonado elige usar un módem de terceros.
El Abonado debe devolver los cable módems y cualquier otro equipo arrendado de Spectrum al finalizar el período de arrendamiento.
4.
Software: En el momento de la instalación del Servicio de Internet, Spectrum puede ofrecer al Abonado software común de Spectrum o de un tercero (por ejemplo, un navegador o complementos) para permitir y mejorar el Servicio de Internet.
Spectrum no ofrece soporte para software de terceros.
Todos y cada uno de los software que Spectrum proporcione es propiedad de Spectrum y/o sus proveedores y licenciatarios.
Por el presente, Spectrum otorga al Abonado una licencia no exclusiva y no transferible para instalar y usar el software en computadoras, dispositivos y/o sistema(s) del Abonado para uso exclusivo en conexión con el Servicio de Internet.
La licencia del Abonado para usar cualquier software proporcionado por Spectrum y sus proveedores y licenciatarios está supeditada al cumplimiento del Abonado con todos los usos y otras restricciones descritas en estas Condiciones del servicio y en la AUP.
Copiar, duplicar, utilizar técnicas de ingeniería inversa o de cualquier forma modificar, cambiar, adulterar o interferir con cualquier software que Spectrum ofrezca al Abonado constituirá una infracción de material por parte del Abonado.
Al momento de la cancelación o vencimiento de estas Condiciones del servicio o la desconexión del Servicio de Internet del Abonado, esta licencia quedará cancelada y el Abonado acepta destruir todas las copias del software que le fueron entregadas (incluso borrar y eliminar el software del sistema de la computadora del Abonado).
Por el presente, el Abonado declara y garantiza a Spectrum que el Abonado es dueño del software del sistema operativo y de los derechos de uso/licencia asociados para las computadoras que están conectadas a la red de Spectrum.
5.
Seguridad: El Abonado reconoce y acepta que al usar el Servicio de Internet para acceder a Internet o a cualquier otra red o servicio en línea, existen diversos riesgos que pueden permitir a otros usuarios de Internet acceder o usar el equipo del Abonado.
Al utilizar el Servicio de Internet, el Abonado tiene la responsabilidad de tomar y debe tomar todas las medidas de seguridad adecuadas.
"El Abonado asume la responsabilidad exclusiva del equipo del Abonado utilizado en conjunto con el Servicio de Internet, además de instalar y configurar un "firewall" o medidas de seguridad para usar con el Servicio de Internet a fin de prevenir daños de virus, malware o cualquier otro elemento malicioso similar y para evitar el acceso no autorizado al Servicio de Internet.
el Abonado, no Spectrum, será exclusivamente responsable de cualquier manera de la eficacia de estas tecnologías de bloqueo y filtros.
Spectrum no garantiza que otras personas no podrán acceder a la(s) computadora(s) y/o datos del Abonado incluso si el Abonado utiliza tecnologías de bloqueo y filtro, como tampoco garantiza que los datos o archivos estarán libres de virus de computadora u otros componentes dañinos.
Spectrum no tiene responsabilidad ni se hace responsable por las protecciones que el Abonado utilice ni por los daños que puedan surgir como consecuencia del acceso a Internet.
El Abonado no permitirá ni habilitará uso alguno de la cuenta o contraseñas de la cuenta del Abonado a ninguna persona que no sea miembro de la familia del Abonado.
El Abonado es responsable de cualquier abuso del Servicio de Internet que ocurra a través de la cuenta del Abonado, ya sea un miembro de la familia del Suscritor o un tercero no autorizado.
6.
Cookies: El Abonado puede acceder a su cuenta de e-mail de Spectrum en el portal del cliente que corresponda, o usando la aplicación de software del usuario (por ejemplo, Outlook, Outlook Express, Incredimail y Apple Mail).
Cuando acceda a su e-mail a través de www.spectrum.net, el Abonado debe tener su navegador configurado para aceptar cookies.
www.spectrum.net le notificará al usuario si su navegador no está configurado para aceptar cookies.
7.
Monitorización de servicios y privacidad de Internet: Spectrum se toma en serio la protección de la privacidad de nuestros Abonados.
Spectrum no está obligado a monitorear el contenido.
sin embargo, el Abonado acepta que Spectrum tiene derecho a monitorear el Servicio de Internet (incluso, entre otros, el contenido y el equipo del Abonado, ya que ocasionalmente puede afectar el Servicio de Internet) de acuerdo con estas Condiciones del servicio, la AUP y la Política de privacidad de Spectrum.
En cuanto al contenido en los servidores de Spectrum, Spectrum se reserva el derecho en todo momento y sin previo aviso de eliminar, restringir el acceso a o directamente prohibirlo y monitorear, revisar, retener y/o divulgar cualquier contenido u otra información que Spectrum tenga sobre o relacionada con el Abonado, el uso del Servicio de Internet del Abonado o según sea necesario para satisfacer cualquier ley aplicable o preservar la seguridad del Sistema o la información de los Abonados de Spectrum.
Para obtener más información sobre el enfoque de Spectrum en cuanto a la privacidad del Abonado, consulte la Política de Privacidad del Abonado Residencial de Spectrum.
8.
Violación de derechos: El Abonado no utilizará el Servicio de Internet, ni permitirá que otros lo utilicen, para enviar, recibir o de cualquier otra forma usar información que infrinja patentes, marcas registradas, derechos de autor, secretos comerciales o derechos de propiedad de cualquier persona o entidad.
Esto incluye, aunque no exclusivamente, la digitalización de música, películas, fotografías u otros materiales o software protegidos por derechos de autor.
El Abonado debe obtener la autorización adecuada de esa otra persona o entidad antes de enviar, recibir o usar dichos materiales.
El Abonado declara y garantiza que el Abonado es y será el autor y el dueño de los derechos de autor y/o el licenciante autorizado con respecto a cualquier contenido alojado, y asimismo, el Abonado declara y garantiza que no alojó contenidos que violen o que violarán la marca registrada, los derechos de autor, el nombre de dominio o los derechos de propiedad intelectual de terceros.
Spectrum no asume ninguna responsabilidad y el Abonado asume todos los riesgos con respecto a la determinación de si el material es o no de dominio público o puede usarse para tales fines.
Spectrum está registrada al amparo de la Ley de Derechos de Autor del Milenio Digital (DMCA) de 1998.
Conforme a la DMCA, los dueños de derechos de autor tienen el derecho de notificar a Spectrum si consideran que un cliente de Spectrum violó la(s) obra(s) del dueño de los derechos de autor.
Si Spectrum recibe una notificación de un dueño de derechos de autor alegando que un Abonado violó derechos de autor, Spectrum notificará al Abonado sobre la supuesta violación.
Es posible que Spectrum determine que el Abonado es un violador de derechos de autor reincidente si Spectrum descubre que el Abonado participó en la violación de derechos de autor en línea en más de una ocasión.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho de suspender o cancelar las cuentas de los violadores de derechos de autor reincidentes.
9.
Término: El Servicio de Internet de Spectrum continuará hasta su cancelación por parte del Abonado, que se implementará previo aviso, o por parte de Spectrum por infracción (que incluye la falta de pago) de estas Condiciones del servicio infracción de la AUP.
Spectrum no será responsable de la devolución de los datos almacenados en los servidores de Spectrum, tales como los alojados en servidores web y de e-mail si la cuenta del Abonado es suspendida o cancelada.
10.
Descargo de responsabilidad de garantías y limitación de responsabilidad.
a.
Ausencia de garantía: El Abonado acepta que utiliza el Servicio de Internet y cualquier otro software y equipo de Spectrum por su cuenta y riesgo.
El Servicio de Internet y el equipo de Spectrum se proporcionan "tal y como están", y si corresponde, sin garantías de ninguna índole incluso, entre otras, garantías de título, no violación, idoneidad para un fin determinado y comerciabilidad.
Spectrum no garantiza el uso ininterrumpido del Servicio de Internet.
Spectrum no garantiza que el Servicio de Internet esté libre de errores o libre de virus, gusanos, correo no deseado, publicidad emergente, spyware, adware, prohibición de ataques al servicio u otros componentes dañinos, incluso si se implementaron medidas paliativas.
Spectrum no garantiza que los datos o archivos que el Abonado envía o reciba a través del Servicio de Internet se transmitirán en forma íntegra, dentro de un plazo razonable o que estarán libres de acceso no autorizado por otras personas o que otros usuarios no podrán acceder a la computadora del Abonado.
Esto incluye, entre otros, incidentes de archivos compartidos, impresión compartida o el uso de otros medios que permitan a los usuarios de Internet obtener acceso al equipo del Abonado o monitorear la actividad y conducta del Abonado mientras utiliza el Servicio de Internet.
b.
Software contra el correo no deseado: El Abonado reconoce y entiende que Spectrum utiliza software contra el correo no deseado y que dicha tecnología de seguridad es una función del Servicio de Internet que puede bloquear correo electrónico entrante y saliente.
Spectrum no garantiza que dicha función bloqueará todo correo no deseado ni que todo correo que sea bloqueado constituya correo no deseado.
En concordancia con otras declaraciones establecidas en esta sección, Spectrum no garantiza que dicha función estará libre de errores.
c.
Software de seguridad: Además, a su exclusivo criterio, Spectrum pondrá a disposición del Abonado un software de seguridad, tal como software antivirus, software de firewall, software para el bloqueo de publicidad "emergente", software de control parental y software antispyware o antiadware para que el Abonado utilice en su computadora en conjunto con el Servicio de Internet.
Cualquier software de seguridad proporcionado por Spectrum al Abonado es únicamente para ofrecer un mínimo nivel de protección al/los sistema(s) de la computadora del Abonado.
El Abonado entiende y acepta que Spectrum y sus proveedores externos de tales software de seguridad no garantizan su exactitud, eficacia y rendimiento.
El Abonado entiende y acepta que Spectrum y sus proveedores externos no son responsables de los daños en los sistemas de la computadora del Abonado o la información almacenada que pueda resultar a partir del software de seguridad o de la falla en su funcionamiento.
d.
Sitios de terceros: Cuando el Abonado usa el Servicio de Internet y/o accede a los sitios web de Spectrum, el Abonado puede encontrar enlaces que le permitan visitar sitios web operados por terceros o de propiedad de estos ("Sitio(s) web de terceros").
Spectrum ofrece estos enlaces para su conveniencia y no están bajo control de ni son propiedad de Spectrum.
La presencia de un enlace a un Sitio web de terceros no constituye el apoyo de Spectrum del Sitio web de terceros, un reconocimiento de cualquier afiliación con sus operadores o propietarios, o una garantía de cualquier tipo con respecto a cualquier información u oferta en el Sitio web de terceros.
El uso del Abonado de cualquier sitio de terceros está regido por acuerdos legales diversos y por políticas publicadas en ese sitio web.
e.
Ancho de Banda.
(i.) El Abonado entiende y acepta que Spectrum no garantiza que cualquier cantidad particular de ancho de banda en la red de Spectrum o que cualquier velocidad o rendimiento de la conexión del Abonado a la red de Spectrum estará disponible para el Abonado.
El Abonado entiende y acepta que la velocidad que ofrece el Servicio de Internet en el sitio del Abonado variará según un número de factores, incluso los sistemas de la computadora y los equipos asociados (por ejemplo, enrutadores/puntos de acceso Wi-Fi, etc., obtenidos por el Abonado), el tráfico de Internet y otros factores tales como las limitaciones en la capacidad del sistema, acciones gubernamentales, las actividades que están más allá del control de Spectrum y las fallas, modificaciones, actualizaciones y reparaciones del sistema.
El Abonado comprende que las conexiones inalámbricas del Abonado y el uso que le da a los enrutadores inalámbricos pueden estar sujetos a mayores fluctuaciones de velocidad, latencia y pueden verse afectados en forma adversa por interferencia, congestión, distancia y otros factores externos.
Para más información, visite http://spectrum.net/wiredvswifi [Artículo a publicarse].
(ii.) El Abonado comprende que Spectrum puede usar diferentes herramientas y técnicas para gestionar en forma eficiente su red y para asegurar el cumplimiento de la AUP de Spectrum.
Para obtener detalles adicionales, el Abonado debe tomar como referencia la AUP de Spectrum.
(iii.) El Abonado además comprende y acepta que, para distribuir el ancho de banda entre todos los usuarios, Spectrum puede emplear tecnología de gestión del tráfico razonable tal como se identifica en las AUP de Spectrum y la Declaración de divulgación de Internet de Spectrum.
(iv.) Las únicas y exclusivas compensaciones del Abonado al amparo de estas Condiciones del servicio son las que se establecen aquí.
Como algunos estados no permiten las garantías implícitas de exclusión o limitación, algunas de las exclusiones arriba no se aplican al Abonado.
11.
Limitación de responsabilidad/Compensación exclusiva: La responsabilidad completa de Spectrum y la compensación exclusiva del Abonado con respecto al uso del Servicio de Internet o de su software y equipo, o cualquier infracción por parte de Spectrum de cualquier obligación que pueda tener Spectrum al amparo de estas Condiciones del servicio, será la capacidad del Abonado para cancelar el servicio de Internet o para conseguir la sustitución o reparación de cualquier software o equipo defectuoso proporcionado por parte de Spectrum al Abonado.
Además, Spectrum no será responsable de los daños por fallas en el suministro o la degradación o interrupción de cualquier servicio, de la pérdida de datos o contenido, el robo de identidad, la destrucción de cualquier TV, monitor o pantalla, el desgaste del monitor o pantalla, los píxeles trabados, la doble imagen y los daños en los archivos o el software sin importar la causa.
Spectrum no será responsable de los daños a la propiedad o de las lesiones a cualquier persona que surjan de la instalación, el mantenimiento o la eliminación del equipo, el software, el cableado o la provisión del Servicio de Internet.
12.Desactivación del buzón de correo: El Abonado acepta que Spectrum es propietario de todos y de cada uno de los buzones de correo asociados con el Servicio de Internet y puede reclamar dichos buzones de correo en cualquier momento y por cualquier razón.
Spectrum también puede limitar la cantidad de nuevas direcciones de e-mail disponibles por cuenta.
Spectrum también puede limitar la cantidad de e-mails que se pueden enviar en un plazo específico de tiempo y, si el Abonado no ingresa a una bandeja de entrada de Spectrum durante un período prolongado, Spectrum puede bloquear la bandeja de entrada e impedir que la bandeja de entrada reciba nuevos mensajes de e-mail.
Siempre y cuando el Abonado continúe suscrito al Servicio de Internet de Spectrum, los contenidos que están en la bandeja de entrada bloqueada no se eliminarán.
El Abonado entiende que al momento de la desconexión del Servicio de Internet de Spectrum, Spectrum suspenderá la cuenta y eliminará los contenidos de la bandeja de entrada, si los hubiera, en ese momento.
13.
Almacenamiento de correo: En ningún caso Spectrum será responsable de mantener ni Spectrum garantiza el almacenamiento de, dicho correo electrónico durante ningún período de tiempo.
Además, Spectrum se reserva el derecho de hacer cumplir los límites de almacenamiento de e-mail.
14.
Seguridad y gestión de la red: El Abonado acepta que Spectrum pueda bloquear el tráfico hacia y desde cualquier fuente, incluyendo a modo enunciativo pero no limitativo, la eliminación de cualquier correo electrónico que sea necesario para mantener segura la red y/o eliminar correo no deseado.
Spectrum puede tomar otras medidas, a su exclusivo criterio, para administrar o proteger su red o para beneficiar a la mayor cantidad de sus abonados según se describe en la AUP de Spectrum.
Spectrum puede tomar estas acciones, con o sin aviso, en situaciones en las que Spectrum considera, a su exclusivo criterio que el Abonado puede dañar la red de Spectrum o afectar el rendimiento del Servicio de Internet para otros usuarios o en las que el Abonado transmite o de alguna otra manera está conectado con lo que Spectrum considera a su exclusivo criterio correo basura.
El Abonado acepta que Spectrum tiene derecho a reclamar por daños si el Abonado transmite o de alguna otra manera está conectado con correo no deseado.
El Abonado acepta que Spectrum tiene derecho a reclamar daños y perjuicios reales.
sin embargo, si los daños reales no se pueden calcular razonablemente, el Abonado acepta pagar a Spectrum daños y perjuicios por una suma líquida y determinada de cinco dólares ($5.00 USD) por cada correo no deseado transmitido desde o de otra manera conectado con la cuenta del Abonado.
15.
Términos adicionales para Spectrum Wi-Fi: El servicio Spectrum Wi-Fi mediante el enrutador inalámbrico provisto por Spectrum ("Enrutador de Spectrum") es un servicio que está disponible para ciertos abonados que ofrece acceso inalámbrico al Servicio de Internet de Spectrum dentro de la residencia del Abonado ("Red residencial"), por el cual se le puede cobrar un cargo correspondiente con las prácticas corrientes de Spectrum.
El enrutador administrado por Spectrum viene programado con ciertas configuraciones por defecto y configuraciones para la Red residencial.
El Abonado puede modificar las configuraciones por defecto y los ajustes en el enrutador administrado por Spectrum, aunque Spectrum recomiende mantener las configuraciones por defecto.
Spectrum no garantiza la seguridad del enrutador administrado por Spectrum ni la conexión del Abonado al Servicio de Internet a través de la Red residencial.
El servicio Spectrum Wi-Fi al que se accede más allá de la Red residencial puede estar sujeto a términos y condiciones adicionales impuestos por el proveedor externo respectivo a cuya red acceda el Abonado.
Spectrum no es responsable por la velocidad o el desempeño del Servicio de Internet en la medida en que el Abonado acceda a la red de un tercero.
El Abonado entiende y acepta que es exclusivamente responsable de la seguridad de su Red residencial y debe habilitar y usar la codificación a fin de acceder a las aplicaciones que ofrece Spectrum.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho de preconfigurar el enrutador administrado por Spectrum para distribuir un punto de acceso inalámbrico a Internet (es decir, una zona activa Spectrum Wi-Fi) por separado de la Red residencial.
Cualquier uso del ancho de banda de dicho punto de acceso inalámbrico por parte de terceros no se considerará como que el Abonado la utilizó para finalidad alguna.
El Abonado tendrá derecho a deshabilitar dicha zona activa Spectrum Wi-Fi y no será responsable de la seguridad de la zona activa Wi-Fi.
El enrutador administrado por Spectrum recopilará y conservará cierta información con respecto al acceso a y el uso de la Red residencial, cuya información incluirá, entre otros, identificadores de dispositivos, nombre del dispositivo, tipo de dispositivo, aplicaciones y protocolos, conexiones y flujos de tráfico.
Spectrum usará tal información para ofrecer el Servicio de Internet y el soporte, además del análisis del negocio interno de Spectrum con respecto al uso del Servicio de Internet.
El Abonado reconoce y acepta que Spectrum tendrá acceso al nombre y contraseña de la red asociados con el enrutador administrado por Spectrum a fin de ofrecer servicios de soporte y diagnóstico.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho de modificar el nombre y la contraseña de la red del enrutador administrado por Spectrum a fin de salvaguardar la seguridad de Internet, la seguridad y la privacidad de la información del Abonado, según lo requiera la ley, y/o por otras causas buenas para ofrecer, actualizar y mantener el Servicio de Internet y proteger a la red, a otros usuarios de Internet y a nuestros abonados.
El Abonado reconoce que el enrutador administrado por Spectrum es un equipo de Spectrum.
16.
Responsabilidades y garantías generales del Abonado: Cuando el Abonado complete el registro del Servicio de Internet, el Abonado debe establecer una identidad seleccionando un nombre de usuario y una contraseña que el Abonado usará para acceder al Servicio de Internet.
El Abonado es responsable de mantener la confidencialidad de su nombre de usuario y la contraseña.
El Abonado acepta que es responsable de cualquier persona que utilice su computadora, la contraseña o el nombre o nombre de usuario en conexión con el Servicio de Internet y de garantizar que cualquier persona que use el Servicio de Internet a través de la computadora del Abonado o que acceda al Servicio de Internet lo hará de acuerdo con las Condiciones del servicio y la AUP.
El Abonado acepta que tomará todas las medidas razonables necesarias para garantizar que el Servicio de Internet no sea utilizado por otra persona sin el consentimiento del Abonado.
17.
El Abonado será responsable de conseguir e instalar parches, todo tipo de software antivirus y firewall / hardware, además de parches para el sistema operativo, actualizaciones o complementos que sean necesarios para (i) la protección y la funcionalidad máxima de la computadora del Abonado y el equipo relacionado y (ii) la protección de la red de Spectrum y otros abonados.
A los fines de aclarar, Spectrum renuncia por medio del presente a todo tipo de responsabilidad por los daños y perjuicios que puedan surgir del incumplimiento del Abonado en conseguir o instalar el software y/o hardware de seguridad anteriormente mencionado.
18.
Enmienda: Spectrum puede, a su exclusivo criterio, cambiar, modificar, agregar o eliminar partes de estas Condiciones del servicio en cualquier momento.
Spectrum puede notificar al Abonado sobre cualquiera de tales cambios al publicar la notificación de esos cambios en el sitio web de Spectrum en www.spectrum.com según las "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas" o al enviar la notificación a través de correo electrónico o correo postal de EE.
UU.
El uso continuo del Servicio de Internet por parte del Abonado después de la notificación de dicho cambio, modificación o enmienda será considerado como la aceptación del Abonado de tales modificaciones.
Si el Abonado no acepta ninguna modificación de estas Condiciones del servicio, el Abonado debe dejar de usar el Servicio de Internet de inmediato y notificar a Spectrum que el Abonado cancela el Servicio de Internet.
Además, estas Condiciones del servicio están sujetas a cambios de conformidad con la ley aplicable.
19.
Totalidad del acuerdo: Las Condiciones del servicio se publicarán en www.spectrum.com, bajo el nombre de "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas", y son los únicos términos y condiciones que rigen el Servicio de Internet.
Ningún convenio, representación o garantía ofrecidos por un agente o representante de Spectrum en relación con la venta, la instalación, el mantenimiento o la eliminación del Servicio de Internet modificará o enmendará estas Condiciones del servicio.
<p>ACUERDO DE SERVICIOS RESIDENCIALES DE CABLE SPECTRUM</p> ESTOS TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES DE SERVICIO QUE RIGEN EL USO QUE USTED HACE DEL SERVICIO DE INTERNET DE SPECTRUM CONTIENEN UNA DISPOSICIÓN DE ARBITRAJE VINCULANTE EN LOS TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES GENERALES PARA LOS SERVICIOS RESIDENCIALES DE SPECTRUM, LA CUAL INCLUYE UNA RENUNCIA A LAS DEMANDAS COLECTIVAS Y DISPOSICIONES PARA EXCLUIRSE DEL ARBITRAJE.
Charter Communications, Inc.
en representación de sí misma y sus afiliadas y subsidiarias autorizadas para ofrecer los servicios establecidos en el presente ("Spectrum") le ofrecerá a usted ("Abonado") sus servicios de TV por cable (el "Servicio de cable") de acuerdo con estos términos y condiciones.
Dichos términos y condiciones incorporan e incluyen los Términos y condiciones generales de servicio y la Política de privacidad de Spectrum Communications, conforme sean modificados periódicamente (en conjunto, las "Condiciones del servicio").
El uso del Servicio de cable por parte del Abonado se considerará una confirmación de que el Abonado ha leído y aceptado las Condiciones del servicio.
Cualquier usuario que no acepte estar obligado por estos términos debe dejar de usar de inmediato el Servicio de cable de Spectrum y notificar a Servicio al cliente al 888-438-2427 para cancelar la cuenta.
Los términos que aparecen con mayúscula inicial pero sin definición, serán definidos en los otros documentos que se detallaron arriba.
Las Condiciones del servicio constituyen un documento legal vinculante.
Spectrum actualiza y modifica con regularidad estas Condiciones del servicio.
El Abonado debe consultar el sitio web de Spectrum, www.spectrum.com, para asegurarse de estar en cumplimiento con los términos.
1.
Interrupción del Servicio de Cable: En ningún caso Spectrum será responsable por ningún tipo de falla o interrupción en las transmisiones de la programación o el Servicio de Cable que sean resultado, en parte o en su totalidad, de circunstancias fuera del control razonable de Spectrum (las que incluyen, entre otras, toda interrupción o degradación del Servicio de Cable que surja por la interferencia, modificación o manipulación del Servicio de Cable o la conexión del receptor digital por parte del Abonado).
Sujetos a los requisitos de las leyes vigentes, es posible que se otorgue un crédito por interrupciones elegibles.
2.
Copia, Reproducción y Distribución de Programas: el Abonado acepta que el mismo usará los programas, el Servicio de cable y otros servicios prestados por Spectrum únicamente para su uso personal no comercial y que no copiará dichos programas, reproducirá ni distribuirá de ninguna manera dichos programas, el Servicio de cable y otros servicios salvo conforme a las leyes vigentes.
3.
Derechos Adicionales de Spectrum: a.
Spectrum no tiene ningún tipo de obligación de controlar el contenido ni los servicios a los que se pueda acceder mediante el sistema de cable o el receptor digital de Spectrum.
no obstante, el Abonado reconoce y acepta que Spectrum tiene derecho a controlar periódicamente el contenido y a divulgar cualquier información según sea necesario para cumplir con cualquier ley o regulación, para operar correctamente sus servicios de programación e información de datos o para protegerse o proteger a sus Abonados.
b.
Charter tendrá el derecho de determinar, a su entera discreción, lo que constituye un uso "inapropiado" o "uso comercial" de los sistemas, equipos o Servicio de Cable de Spectrum.
4.
Plazo: el Servicio de Cable de Spectrum continuará hasta su cancelación por parte del Abonado, que se implementará previo aviso, o por parte de Spectrum por incumplimiento (incluso por falta de pago) de este Acuerdo o por cancelación por parte de Spectrum conforme a los Términos y Condiciones Generales de Servicio.
5.
Funciones, Funcionalidad y Herramientas Adicionales: toda función, funcionalidad y herramienta adicional del servicio que Spectrum ofrezca pueden además estar sujetas a condiciones específicas de uso y sujetas a cargos, cambios o eliminación en cualquier momento por parte de Spectrum.
6.
Aplicación Spectrum TV: a.
Descargue y/o use la aplicación Spectrum TV para acceder y usar el servicio de cable y cualquier otro servicio sujeto a los siguientes términos y condiciones adicionales que acepta (en otras palabras, se vincula legalmente) al descargar la aplicación Spectrum TV, que incluyen lo siguiente: • Debe ser suscriptor de Spectrum y no registrar deuda.
• Solo podrá usar la aplicación Spectrum TV para uso personal, no comercial, restringido a la visualización en privado por usted y sus invitados (específicamente excluyendo presentaciones públicas, por ej.: en el salón de un hospedaje, y cualquier presentación en hospedajes públicos u otros establecimientos comerciales, por ej.: un bar o un restaurante, aún cuando no se aplique un cargo).
• No debe compartir su acceso a la aplicación Spectrum TV con terceros, salvo los miembros de su hogar y sus invitados.
y • Debe asegurar su red móvil residencial (por ej.: protección con contraseña).
• Usará la descarga solo para usar la aplicación Spectrum TV en un dispositivo de su propiedad y control.
• No puede examinar o manipular el código de software subyacente en la aplicación Spectrum TV y no tiene ningún derecho sobre ese código.
b.
Nosotros podemos, en cualquier momento sin aviso previo, modificar o interrumpir la operación de la aplicación Spectrum TV en todo o en parte, sus contenidos, tarifas o cargos relacionados necesarios para usar la aplicación Spectrum TV.
además podemos ofrecer oportunidades especiales para algunos o todos los usuarios de la aplicación Spectrum TV, de acuerdo con la ley aplicable.
c.
Puede usar la aplicación Spectrum TV solo para solicitar y ver el contenido que nosotros proporcionamos para este propósito y al que puede acceder ("contenido de STVA") y no podrá eludir o de algún otro modo interferir con la autenticación o las restricciones de acceso que hemos implementado respecto de la aplicación Spectrum TV o el contenido de STVA.
No puede copiar, representar públicamente o retransmitir el contenido de STVA.
d.
Sin limitaciones, las siguientes restricciones también se aplican a su uso de la aplicación SPECTRUM TV: 1.
Usted no distribuirá o pondrá la aplicación Spectrum TV a disposición en la red donde podrá ser usada por personas no autorizadas.
tampoco descargará o distribuirá de modo alguno a ningún dispositivo sin nuestro conocimiento o autorización.
2.
Usted no: (i) publicará, exhibirá, divulgará, rentará, alquilará, modificará, prestará, distribuirá o creará obras derivadas en base a la aplicación Spectrum TV, ni alguna de sus partes.
(ii) utilizará técnicas de ingeniería inversa, decompilará, traducirá, adaptará, desensamblará o de algún otro modo reducirá la aplicación Spectrum TV a un formato legible para el ser humano.
(iii) intentará crear el código fuente del código de objeto de la aplicación Spectrum TV.
(iv) transmitirá la aplicación Spectrum TV a través de red alguna o entre dispositivos no autorizados.
(v) hacer o convertir en un producto independiente cualquier software de terceros contenido en la aplicación Spectrum TV .
realizará acción alguna que pueda infringir la propiedad intelectual o los derechos de propiedad de Spectrum, sus afiliadas o tercero alguno.
o (vii) sublicenciará, rentará, alquilará o cederá la aplicación Spectrum TV.
Puede transferirla aplicación Spectrum TV a otros dispositivos de su propiedad o licencia o que tenga bajo su control legal mientras solo la use en dispositivos autorizados por nosotros.
3.
No retirará avisos, marcas o etiquetas de propiedad en la aplicación Spectrum TV.
4.
No exportará, importará o volverá a exportar la aplicación Spectrum TV en infracción a cualquier ley, regla o norma aplicable de cualquier jurisdicción.
5.
Solo usará la aplicación Spectrum TV de manera de cumplir con todas las leyes correspondientes en las jurisdicciones en las que use la aplicación Spectrum TV, incluyendo, entre otras, restricciones aplicables acerca de los derechos de autor y otros derechos de propiedad intelectual.
6.
No usará la aplicación Spectrum TV con la intención de eludir, o junto con algún dispositivo, programa o servicio diseñado para eludir, las medidas tecnológicas empleadas para controlar el acceso, el uso o los derechos en el contenido de un archivo, servicio u otra obra protegida por las leyes de derechos de autor de cualquier jurisdicción.
7.
Usted es el único responsable de asegurar la conectividad/el acceso WiFi a tu servicio de internet por medio de una contraseña u otros medios confiables.
Como tal, usted es el único responsable de realizar cualquier conducta para acceder a nuestros servicios de Internet (incluyendo, entre otros, la aplicación Spectrum TV) por cualquier parte, aun cuando dicho acceso haya sido iniciado o no por parte de un miembro de su hogar, un usuario autorizado por usted u otra persona a través de acceso/conectividad WiFi, y cualquier pérdida, daño o responsabilidad que surja de allí.
e.
Spectrum no estará obligado a brindar el mantenimiento o servicios de ayuda respecto de la aplicación Spectrum TV o el contenido de STVA.
f.
Mejora en la experiencia del cliente: al descargar, instalar y utilizar la aplicación Spectrum TV, usted comprende y acepta que nosotros reunamos información que nos permita mejorar la calidad de nuestros productos y servicios, y así la experiencia del cliente.
Con esa selección usted, concretamente, da su consentimiento a que reunamos esa información a través del uso de software adicional, que se descarga a su dispositivo en de la aplicación Spectrum TV.
Este software adicional capta lo siguiente en relación con su uso de la aplicación de Spectrum TV y otras aplicaciones en su dispositivo: 1.
Uso de datos e historial de las aplicaciones que ejecuta 2.
Identidad (identificación del fabricante y/o de la red) de su dispositivo (que estén a su disposición) 3.
Si los servicios de ubicación están habilitados en su dispositivo, la aplicación nos proporcionará la ubicación aproximada o precisa de su dispositivo (que esté a su disposición).
almacenamos los datos de ubicación en forma agregada para ser usados en la planificación de la red y la mejora del rendimiento.Si no desea que la aplicación registre su ubicación, usted puede inhabilitar los servicios de ubicación de su dispositivo móvil (que afecta a todas las aplicaciones), puede inhabilitar los servicios de ubicación de la aplicación Spectrum TV de su dispositivo si la ubicación inhabilitada para una aplicación determinada se habilita a través del sistema operativo de su dispositivo o desinstale la aplicación Spectrum TV.
4.
La información de la red celular y de Wi-Fi, tal como su operador móvil, ISP y la dirección IP 5.
Los datos usados en Wi-Fi, en la red celular y la información de rendimiento de la red respectiva, tal como la velocidad, latencia y fuerza de la señal.
g.
Nombre de usuario y contraseña: si aún no tiene un nombre de usuario y contraseña de Spectrum, deberá registrarse para obtener una cuenta de usuario de Spectrum en www.charter.net/login.
Nos reservamos el derecho a rechazar cualquier nombre de usuario o contraseña que usted solicite a nuestra sola discreción.
Usted es responsable de mantener la confidencialidad de cualquier nombre de usuario o contraseña que le brindemos y usted acepta no transferir dicha contraseña o nombre de usuario, o arrendar o de otra manera transferir su derecho a usar o acceder a la aplicación SPECTRUM TV, a ningún tercero.
Usted acepta notificarnos de inmediato sobre cualquier uso no autorizado de su nombre de usuario y contraseña o de cualquier otra infracción en la seguridad en relación con su cuenta, su nombre de usuario o la aplicación Spectrum TV.
Si alguien accede a esta información (no a través nuestro), podemos asumir que usted autorizó a dicha persona a usar la información.
h.
Suspensión o cancelación de los derechos: Nosotros podemos suspender, restringir o cancelar su acceso o uso de la aplicación Spectrum TV en cualquier momento y por cualquier motivo (incluso si nosotros creemos que ha violado o actuado en forma contraria a la carta o espíritu de alguna de las Condiciones del Servicio, o si creemos que un tercero ha accedido a su nombre de usuario, contraseña o red doméstica de Spectrum).
Los derechos que se le otorgan a usted para el uso de la aplicación Spectrum TV y el contenido de STVA se cancelarán de inmediato al vencimiento o cancelación de las Condiciones del Servicio o al detectarse alguna violación de su parte de alguno de las Condiciones del Servicio.
Nos reservamos el derecho a tomar cualquier medida que consideremos necesaria o apropiada para hacer valer y/o verificar su cumplimiento de estas Condiciones del Servicio.
i.
SPECTRUM POR EL PRESENTE SE EXIME DE CUALQUIER Y TODA GARANTIZA EN RELACIÓN CON LA APLICACIÓN SPECTRUM TV, INCLUYENDO, ENTRE OTRAS, LAS GARANTÍAS DE TÍTULO, ADECUACIÓN PARA UN PROPÓSITO EN PARTICULAR, POSIBILIDAD DE COMERCIALIZACIÓN Y NO VIOLACIÓN.
NO SERÁ RESPONSABLE POR OTRAS RECLAMACIONES, PÉRDIDAS, RESPONSABILIDADES, DAÑOS, COSTOS O GASTOS RELACIONADOS CON ALGUNA FALLA DE LA APLICACIÓN SPECTRUM TV PARA DAR CUMPLIMIENTO A GARANTÍA ALGUNA.
EN CASO DE REGISTRARSE RECLAMACIONES DE SU PARTE O DE ALGÚN TERCERO RELACIONADO CON LA APLICACIÓN SPECTRUM TV, O POR SU POSESIÓN O USO DE LA APLICACIÓN SPECTRUM TV, USTED ACEPTA QUE SPECTRUM Y EL FABRICANTE DE SU DISPOSITIVO SERÁN RESPONSABLES DE LA INVESTIGACIÓN, DEFENSA, LIQUIDACIÓN O DESCARGO DE ESAS RECLAMACIONES, INCLUYENDO (I) LAS RECLAMACIONES DE RESPONSABILIDAD DEL PRODUCTO.
(II) TODA RECLAMACIÓN DE QUE LA APLICACIÓN SPECTRUM TV NO CUMPLA CON LOS REQUISITOS LEGALES O REGULATORIOS APLICABLES.
(III) LAS RECLAMACIONES QUE SURJAN EN VIRTUD DE LA LEGISLACIÓN DE PROTECCIÓN AL CONSUMIDOR O SIMILAR.
Y (IV) LAS RECLAMACIONES SOBRE LA PROPIEDAD INTELECTUAL.
j.
Al acceder, descargar o usar la aplicación SPECTRUM TV, usted representa y garantiza que no estar en un país sujeto a embargo por el gobierno de EE.
UU., o que haya sido designado por el gobierno de EE.
UU.
como un país "que apoya el terrorismo" y que usted no está en ninguna lista de participantes prohibidos o restringidos del gobierno de EE.
UU.
k.
Si un tribunal o una organización similar determina que una parte de estas Condiciones del Servicio no es válida o aplicable, las demás Condiciones del Servicio permanecerán en vigencia, y la parte no válida o inaplicable se interpretará tan estrictamente como sea posible (de acuerdo con la ley de su región) con el fin de reflejar la intención del original.
No puede transferir o asignar a otra persona, excepto sea con nuestro consentimiento, (es decir, no puede hacer que otra persona sea legalmente responsable de) los derechos otorgados o su obligación de cumplir con estas Condiciones del Servicio.
l.
Esos Términos y Condiciones no tienen la intención de beneficiar (en otras palabras, crear algún derecho u obligación) a otra persona que no sea usted y nosotros.
Al aceptar usted estos términos, tendremos el derecho (y lo habremos aceptado) de hacer cumplir estos términos ante usted como beneficiario de estos Términos y Condiciones.
7.
Programación: a.
Sin perjuicio de las estipulaciones contrarias contempladas en el presente, el Servicio de cable, que incluye, entre otros, a toda la programación, servicios de programas, paquetes de programas, cantidad de canales, asignación de canales, canales de teledifusión, servicios interactivos, ofertas de datos y otros servicios están sujetos a cambios conforme a las leyes vigentes.
El Abonado reconoce y acepta que no tiene derecho de recibir, y que Spectrum no está obligado a proporcionar, ningún servicio de programación o canal particular como parte del Servicio de cable y que el Abonado no está celebrando este acuerdo ni comprando el Servicio de cable en base a una expectativa o promesa (explícita o implícita) de que se incluirá cualquier servicio de programación o conjunto de servicios de programación como parte del Servicio de cable.
b.
Sin perjuicio de las estipulaciones contrarias contempladas en el presente, para evitar toda duda, y sin limitar ni invalidar ningún otro derecho que Spectrum pueda tener bajo los Términos y Condiciones Generales de Servicio, en el caso de que una programación en particular deje de estar disponible, ya sea de manera temporal o permanente, debido a una disputa entre Spectrum y un programador externo, Spectrum no será responsable de pagar compensación, daños (incluso por pérdidas o daños compensatorios, directos, indirectos, eventuales, punitivos o consiguientes), créditos ni reembolsos de cargos por la programación faltante u omitida.
El único recurso del Abonado en dicho evento será la cancelación del Servicio de Cable conforme a los Términos y Condiciones Generales de Servicio.
Lo dispuesto en este párrafo no se aplicará a la programación a la que un Abonado se suscriba a la carta (es decir, canales que no sean parte de un paquete o nivel).
8.
Descargo de Responsabilidad: Spectrum no asume ningún tipo de responsabilidad por ningún programa, servicio o información distribuidos mediante el sistema de cable y/o receptor digital de Spectrum a menos que sea producido a nivel local por Spectrum.
Spectrum no será responsable por ningún producto, mercadería o premio promocionado en o comprado mediante el uso del sistema de cable o receptor digital de Spectrum, a menos que dichos productos, mercaderías o premios sean provistos directamente por Spectrum.
9.
Control Parental: se ofrece la función de Control parental para evitar que los niños vean cierta programación.
El Abonado puede colocar canales bajo Control parental al bloquear un número de canal y/o clasificación de programación en el receptor digital.
El manual del equipo básico provisto por el Servicio de cable incluye instrucciones sobre cómo implementar y monitorear las funciones de Control parental.
Si el Abonado desactivara la función de Control parental, incluso para un canal o evento, la función de Control parental se desactivará para todos los demás canales que antes estaban bloqueados.
Si el Abonado tendrá entonces que reactivar el Control parental para volver a bloquear los canales que desee.
Se recomienda que el Abonado verifique periódicamente que la función de Control parental esté activada y en funcionamiento.
10.
Usos y Actividades Prohibidos: el Abonado no usará el Equipo o el Servicio de Cable de Spectrum para actividades ilegales o inapropiadas ni para participar de alguna otra manera en ninguna actividad ilegal o inapropiada durante el curso de las negociaciones con Spectrum, que incluyen, entre otras: a.
invadir la privacidad de otra persona.
usar, poseer, publicar, transmitir o distribuir ilegalmente material obsceno, profano o pornográfico.
publicar, transmitir, distribuir o difundir contenido que sea ilegal, amenazante, abusivo, hostigante, injuriante, calumniante, difamatorio o de alguna otra manera ofensivo u objetable.
b.
redistribuir o retransmitir el Servicio de cable, o cualquier parte del mismo, ni transmitir o distribuir el Servicio de Cable, o cualquier parte del mismo, a personas fuera del lugar de servicio de la cuenta del Abonado.
c.
modificar, interrumpir, reubicar sin autorización o manipular el Equipo de Spectrum, que incluye, entre otros, manipular el sello de receptor digital, la tarjeta de acceso o cualquiera de los servicios de Spectrum.
d.
conectar o anexar equipos al Servicio de Cable con la intención de distribuir el Servicio de Cable de manera no autorizada.
e.
restringir, inhibir o de alguna otra manera interferir con la capacidad de cualquier otro Abonado de Spectrum de usar o disfrutar cualquier servicio de Spectrum, el Servicio de Cable o el Servicio de Internet.
f.
revender el Servicio o los servicios de Spectrum.
g.
conducir una estafa piramidal o cualquier otro tipo de estafa ilegal.
h.
hacerse pasar por cualquier persona o identidad o falsificar la firma manual o digital de otra persona.
o i.
acosar, amenazar o agredir verbalmente de alguna otra manera a los empleados de Spectrum o sus agentes.
La participación en una o más de estas actividades puede dar lugar a la cancelación del Servicio de cable del Abonado.
Esta Sección 11 de ninguna manera limitará los derechos de cancelación de Spectrum conforme a cualquier otra disposición de las Condiciones del servicio.
11.
Requisitos de Licencia: el Abonado aceptar cumplir con todos los requisitos de licencia para usuario final en relación con cualquiera de los servicios a los que el Abonado acceda conforme a las Condiciones del servicio.
El Abonado no podrá decompilar, utilizar técnicas de ingeniería inversa, desarmar, modificar, crear trabajos derivados de, o derivar de cualquier otra manera, cualquier código de fuente del Servicio de cable, ni cualquier parte del mismo, incluyendo software de Spectrum o software de terceros disponible a través de o en conexión con el Servicio de cable.
El Abonado acepta no quitar, alterar ni disimular ninguna identificación de producto, avisos de derechos de autor o cualquier otro aviso de propiedad intelectual dentro de o en el Servicio de cable.
12.
Limitación de responsabilidad: toda información enviada por al Abonado a través de las funciones del equipo de Spectrum o algún dispositivo de propiedad del Abonado se envía bajo el propio riesgo del Abonado, y Spectrum no será responsable de manera alguna por las reclamaciones, pérdidas, acciones, daños, demandas o procedimientos que surjan o de algún otro modo se relacionen con dichas acciones por parte del Abonado.
Sin limitación de lo mencionado anteriormente, el Abonado reconoce y acepta que Spectrum no será responsable por ningún uso de la información del Abonado provista a terceros en relación con el uso por parte del Abonado de los Servicios de cable u otros servicios o funciones de terceros disponibles a través del Servicio de cable.
Spectrum no será responsable por ningún tipo de error, pérdida o interrupción en conexión con el uso del Servicio de Cable por parte del Abonado, y de cualquier función o funcionalidad del mismo, incluyendo, entre otros, a servicios intermitentes, eliminaciones erróneas, grabaciones fallidas o mal dirigidas o la imposibilidad de programar grabaciones.
13.
Seguridad: a.
El Abonado es responsable por cualquier mal uso del Equipo de Spectrum, el Servicio de cable o cualquier servicio de terceros al que se haya suscripto el Abonado, incluso si la actividad inapropiada haya sido cometida por un amigo, familiar, invitado, empleado o Abonado con acceso a la cuenta del Abonado.
Por consiguiente, el Abonado debe tomar medidas para garantizar que otras personas no accedan sin autorización al Equipo de Spectrum, al Servicio de cable o a los servicios de terceros.
Por ejemplo, el Abonado debe asegurar toda red doméstica inalámbrica utilizada en conexión con el Servicio de cable mediante la solicitud de contraseñas o medidas similares para restringir el acceso a dicha red.
b.
El Abonado acepta mantener la seguridad y confidencialidad de los nombres de usuario y contraseñas del Abonado o de las credenciales similares que permitan al Abonado acceder al Servicio de Cable.
El Abonado además acepta no divulgar dichas credenciales a ningún tercero.
Sin limitación de lo mencionado anteriormente, el Abonado acepta que el Abonado no divulgará dichas credenciales a terceros para otorgarles acceso al Servicio de cable o programación que pueda estar disponible para el Abonado fuera de su hogar.
c.
El Equipo, Servicio de Cable o servicios de terceros no se pueden usar para infringir la seguridad de otro Abonado de Spectrum ni para intentar acceder a la computadora, al software o a los datos de cualquier otra persona, sin el conocimiento o consentimiento de dicha persona.
Tampoco se pueden usar para intentar eludir la autenticación de usuario o seguridad de ningún host, red o cuenta.
Se prohíbe el uso o distribución de herramientas diseñadas para poner en peligro la seguridad.
14.
Subtitulado: el Abonado puede encontrar información sobre problemas con el subtitulado al llamar por teléfono o visitar nuestra tienda Spectrum local.
15.
Servicios de terceros: además de ofrecer servicios relacionados con videos y programación de video, y servicios de televisión interactiva, el receptor digital de Spectrum, la aplicación Spectrum TV, algún dispositivo (según lo definido en los Términos y Condiciones Generales del Servicio Residencial), u otros dispositivos pueden permitir al Abonado participar en el comercio electrónico, solicitar los servicios o productos de un tercero.
El Abonado acepta que toda compra, uso o interacción con los servicios o productos de ese tercero por parte del Abonado o Grupo de Abonados (según lo establecido en los Términos y Condiciones Generales del Servicio Residencial) puede quedar sujeto a los términos, condiciones y cargos del mencionado tercero (p.
ej.: se pueden producir cargos como consecuencia de acceder a cierta información o por la compra o suscripción a ofertas de terceros al utilizar estas funciones).
Todos esos cargos, incluyendo los impuestos aplicables y en cumplimiento con los términos, condiciones o acuerdos de terceros, serán responsabilidad exclusiva del Abonado y esa responsabilidad no recaerá en Spectrum.
16.
Conflicto de Leyes: esta Política estará exclusivamente regida por, e interpretada de conformidad con, las leyes del Estado de Nueva York.
17.
Declaración de Privacidad: la Política de Privacidad de Spectrum ofrece una descripción detallada de las políticas de privacidad de Spectrum y la manera en que afectan el uso del Equipo y el Servicio de Cable de Spectrum por parte del Abonado.
18.
Acuerdo completo: estas Condiciones del Servicio constituyen el acuerdo completo entre el Abonado y Spectrum para el servicio de cable.
Ningún tipo de gestión, representación ni garantía declarada por cualquier agente o representante de Spectrum en conexión con la venta, la instalación, el mantenimiento o la desinstalación del Servicio de cable o el Equipo de Spectrum será vinculante para Spectrum salvo que esté expresamente incluida en el presente.
19.
Enmienda: Spectrum puede, a su entera discreción, cambiar, modificar, agregar o eliminar partes de estas Condiciones del Servicio en cualquier momento.
Spectrum puede notificar al Abonado sobre dichos cambios a este Acuerdo mediante la publicación de un aviso sobre los cambios en el sitio web de Spectrum en www.spectrum.com, bajo "Condiciones del servicio/políticas", usando las funciones del receptor digital de Spectrum, o enviando un aviso en una declaración en la factura, mensaje de texto, e-mail, correo postal u otro medio razonable.
Si el Abonado continúa usando el Servicio de cable después de haber sido notificado sobre dicho cambio, modificación o enmienda, se considerará que el Abonado ha aceptado dicha modificación.
Si el Abonado no acepta ninguna modificación de las Condiciones del Servicio, el Abonado debe dejar de usar el Equipo y el Servicio de cable de Spectrum de inmediato y notificar a Spectrum que el Abonado cancela el Servicio de cable de acuerdo con las Condiciones del servicio.
<p>Acuerdo Del Servicio De Voz Residencial Spectrum</p> ACUERDO DEL SERVICIO DE VOZ RESIDENCIAL SPECTRUM ESTOS TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES DE SERVICIO QUE CUBREN SU USO DEL SERVICIO SPECTRUM VOICE INCLUYEN UNA CLÁUSULA DE ARBITRAJE VINCULANTE EN LOS TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES GENERALES PARA LOS SERVICIOS RESIDENCIALES DE SPECTRUM, QUE INCLUYE UNA RENUNCIA DE ACCIONES Y CLÁUSULAS COLECTIVAS PARA LA EXCLUSIÓN DEL ARBITRAJE.
Charter Communications Operating, LLC., a través de sus afiliadas para el servicio de voz, ("Spectrum") se complace en proporcionarle su Servicio de voz residencial a usted ("Abonado") según estos términos y condiciones que incorporan e incluyen los Términos y condiciones generales para los Servicios residenciales de Spectrum, la Guía de precios del Servicio Spectrum Voice residencial y la Política de privacidad de Spectrum, ya que pueden cambiar ocasionalmente (en conjunto, "Condiciones del servicio"), que pueden encontrarse en www.spectrum.com, como "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas" y "Política de privacidad".
El uso del servicio Spectrum Voice™ por parte del Abonado (también denominado "Servicio de voz") será considerado como la confirmación de que el Abonado ha leído y acepta las Condiciones del servicio.
El Abonado debe activar todos los Servicios Spectrum Voice que haya ordenado.
Spectrum no tendrá ningún tipo de responsabilidad si el Abonado no activa dichos Servicios.
El cliente que no acepte las Condiciones del servicio debe dejar de usar el Servicio de voz inmediatamente y notificar al Departamento de Servicio al Cliente de Spectrum al 1-833-267-6095, para cancelar el Servicio de voz.
Los términos que aparecen con mayúscula inicial pero sin definición, serán definidos en los otros documentos que se detallaron arriba.
Este acuerdo (el "Acuerdo") es un documento legal vinculante que Spectrum puede enmendar de manera unilateral con o sin previo aviso al Abonado.
Spectrum actualiza y modifica con regularidad estas Condiciones del servicio.
El Abonado debería consultar el sitio web de Spectrum en www.spectrum.com para asegurarse de seguir cumpliendo los términos y condiciones.
1.
Servicios proporcionados: el Servicio Spectrum Voice proporciona llamadas ilimitadas y/o medidas dentro de los Estados Unidos y a aquellos países y territorios estadounidenses descritos en los planes de llamadas identificados en la Guía de precios, de conformidad con estos términos y condiciones.
Los Abonados deben residir en un área donde Charter esté autorizado a proporcionar el Servicio de voz y donde, a exclusivo criterio de Spectrum, sea técnica y operativamente factible.
El Servicio de voz residencial está destinado al uso exclusivo por parte del Abonado, la familia y huéspedes del Abonado y toda persona alojada en la residencia del Abonado, incluso las personas que subalquilan la propiedad residencial del Abonado.
2.
Cargo mensual por servicio: el Abonado acepta pagar el cargo mensual por el Servicio Spectrum Voice, el cual está compuesto por diversas tarifas así como por impuestos y recargos relacionados.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho de aumentar o reducir cualquier cargo por el Servicio de voz ofrecido.
Los cargos por el Servicio Spectrum Voice deben publicarse en la Guía de precios correspondiente en www.spectrum.com, en "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas".
El Servicio Spectrum Voice se cancelará en el caso de que el Abonado no pague.
Ciertos cargos por el servicio Spectrum Voice se basan en estudios periódicos que analizan los minutos intraestatales, interestatales e internacionales de todos los clientes que compran un Servicio de voz.
3.
Funciones del Servicio de voz: el Servicio Spectrum Voice se ofrece con las funciones que se detallan a continuación.
En ciertas áreas, Spectrum también ofrece una aplicación móvil, "Phone2Go", que permite a los Abonados utilizar su Servicio de voz lejos de su residencia con acceso a conectividad Wi-Fi apta.
Es posible que ciertas funciones no estén disponibles con la aplicación móvil Phone2Go o estén sujetas a términos y condiciones adicionales presentados dentro de la aplicación móvil Phone2Go.
a.
Llamadas y funciones: incluye llamadas locales, regionales y/o de larga distancia dentro de los Estados Unidos y a aquellos países y territorios de los EE.
UU.
descritos en los planes de llamadas identificados en la Guía de precios correspondiente, junto con las funciones de llamadas relativas a cada plan.
La disponibilidad de las funciones puede variar según el área de servicio.
Se puede encontrar una lista detallada de las funciones y los planes de llamadas en la Guía de precios en www.spectrum.com, dentro de la sección "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas".
Las llamadas de marcado directo fuera de la cobertura de cualquier plan de llamadas están disponibles con cargos por minuto o con uno de los planes de llamadas internacionales de Spectrum.
Los Abonados existentes que puedan comprar un plan que no sea el descrito en este Acuerdo pueden encontrar una descripción de su plan en la Guía de precios.
b.
E-911: el servicio 911 mejorado ("E-911") es una función del Servicio Spectrum Voice que permite a los operadores de emergencia recibir automáticamente el número de teléfono y la dirección de la persona que llama.
La función E-911 posee ciertos requisitos para que funcione, así como ciertas limitaciones:&lt.
(i.) IMPORTANTE: el proveedor del servicio de emergencia que atiende la llamada E-911, y la dirección que este proveedor verá, está vinculada a la dirección de servicio que Spectrum mantiene en un registro habilitado cuando el Abonado firma inicialmente el contrato de servicio.
Si el Abonado no identifica correctamente el sitio donde se encuentra ubicado el módem para el servicio de voz del Abonado, o si el módem fue trasladado fuera de la dirección de servicio original, es posible que las llamadas E-911 del Abonado se dirijan erróneamente a la ubicación equivocada o al proveedor de servicios de emergencia incorrecto.
Por lo tanto, para que las llamadas al E-911 sigan el curso correcto, el Abonado acepta no trasladar el módem del servicio de voz de la dirección de servicio en la que fue instalado por Spectrum y acepta la responsabilidad de notificar a Spectrum de inmediato acerca de cualquier cambio en la dirección del servicio antes de trasladar el módem del servicio de voz del lugar.
(ii.) IMPORTANTE: mantener su número de teléfono: tenga presente que durante las primeras 72 horas de llegada a la nueva dirección de servicio del Abonado, si este marca el 911 desde su Servicio Spectrum Voice, el Abonado debe informar al operador del servicio de emergencia la nueva (actual) dirección de servicio.
Esto es necesario para asegurar que los servicios de emergencia se dirijan a la nueva dirección de servicio del Abonado y no a la dirección de servicio anterior en caso de que un operador de servicios de emergencia no tenga la nueva dirección de servicio en sus registros.
(iii.) El Servicio Spectrum Voice no tiene su propio suministro de energía.
Si hay un corte de energía o una interrupción del servicio de cable, el Servicio de voz no funcionará.
El Abonado reconoce expresamente que en tales casos no será posible realizar o recibir llamadas, incluso las llamadas al 911 para acceder a los servicios de emergencia.
(iv.) Si el Abonado lo desea, con solo llamar a Spectrum al 1-833-267-6095, puede comprar, por separado, una batería de respaldo para utilizar el módem de voz.
Cada batería de respaldo está diseñada para proporcionar energía por hasta 8 horas (o 5 horas de tiempo de "conversación") en caso de corte de energía en la residencia del Abonado que no esté relacionado con la red.
(v.) Es posible que en algunas ubicaciones el servicio E-911 aún no esté disponible.
Dichos servicios dependen del equipo y las instalaciones del gobierno local en los que Spectrum proporciona el Servicio de voz.
En estos casos, el servicio normal del 911 estará disponible y el Abonado deberá comunicar la información de ubicación al operador de emergencia.
(vi.) Cantidad de líneas: los Abonados del Servicio Spectrum Voice pueden comprar hasta dos (2) líneas en su dirección de servicio.
(vii.) Instalación: El Servicio Spectrum Voice ofrece instalación profesional y autoinstalación (no disponible en todas las áreas).&lt.
(i.) La instalación profesional incluye activación de todas las tomas telefónicas existentes o la instalación y activación de una toma telefónica si no hay ninguna en funcionamiento en la residencia del Abonado.
Se pueden aplicar cargos adicionales por cableado si el Abonado solicita la instalación o activación de tomas adicionales.
Los cargos adicionales también se pueden aplicar por trabajos de construcción especiales necesarios para completar la instalación.
Spectrum también proporciona e instala un módem de servicio de voz o adaptador para terminal de multimedia (MTA), que se usa para comunicarse con nuestra red de comunicación privada.
(ii.) La autoinstalación (no disponible en todas las áreas) proporciona la opción de que el Abonado retire un módem de voz o un MTA de una tienda minorista de Spectrum o solicite que dicho equipo se le envíe a su hogar.
Al recibir el equipo, el Abonado debe seguir las instrucciones de autoinstalación proporcionadas por Spectrum.
Para ser elegible para la autoinstalación, es necesario cumplir con las siguientes condiciones de instalación: • El sistema telefónico del hogar del Abonado debe consistir en una unidad base con cualquier teléfono inalámbrico adicional compatible con dicha unidad.
• Los sistemas de alarma, seguridad y fax del Abonado no deben depender del Servicio Spectrum Voice.
• El proveedor de servicio de voz más reciente del Abonado era Spectrum o el Abonado ha tenido servicios Spectrum activos durante los últimos 2 años.
y • El Abonado no tendrá que trasladar ni agregar salidas.
Spectrum no proporciona el aparato.
El Abonado es responsable del mantenimiento de todo el cableado interno y los teléfonos de su casa.
El Abonado tiene la opción de elegir el Seguro de mantenimiento de cableado de Spectrum que puede ayudar a evitar costosos cargos de reparación.
Por una tarifa mensual baja, podemos proporcionar el servicio de reparación para las tomas y el cableado interno del Abonado.
(El cableado debe cumplir con estándares técnicos certificados).
Algunos paquetes incluyen el mantenimiento del cableado.
Para obtener más información acerca del Seguro de mantenimiento de cableado, consulte la información del plan Mantenimiento de cableado de Spectrum en www.spectrum.net/wiremaintenance.
En ciertas edificaciones, como las unidades de múltiples viviendas, es posible que los técnicos de Spectrum no tengan acceso al cableado interno de la residencia del Abonado.
En estos casos, Spectrum tiene derecho de determinar la mejor manera de hacer el cableado de la residencia del Abonado, sujeto a los correspondientes cargos adicionales.
(viii.) Llamadas internacionales: el Servicio Spectrum Voice ofrece un plan de llamadas por minuto para llamadas de marcado directo realizadas desde la residencia del Abonado a ubicaciones fuera de su plan de llamadas.
Si el Abonado decide utilizar este servicio, se le cobrará por las llamadas internacionales de marcado directo de forma adicional a la tarifa fija mensual recurrente que el Abonado paga por el Servicio Spectrum Voice.
El Servicio Spectrum Voice también ofrece planes opcionales de llamadas internacionales con tarifa plana para llamadas de marcado directo realizadas desde la residencia del Abonado a ubicaciones fuera de su plan de llamadas.
Si el Abonado elige un plan internacional, se le cobrará un cargo mensual fijo por llamadas internacionales de marcado directo además de la tarifa mensual recurrente que el Abonado paga por el Servicio de voz.
Una vez que el Abonado use los minutos de su plan mensual de llamadas internacionales, a menos que el plan del Abonado incluya llamadas internacionales ilimitadas, se le cobrará una tarifa por cada minuto adicional.
Tanto para el plan de llamadas internacionales por minuto como para el plan de llamadas internacionales, las llamadas se miden por minuto.
Todas las llamadas menores de un minuto se redondearán al próximo minuto completo.
El tiempo de llamadas completadas comienza a contar desde el momento en que responden la llamada.
La contestación de la llamada se determina cuando lo determina la señal de llamada proporcionada por el proveedor local y/o cualquier otro proveedor intermediario.
La duración de todas las llamadas finaliza cuando la persona que llama corta la llamada, o cuando la red de Spectrum recibe la señal de finalización de llamada por parte del proveedor local y/o cualquier proveedor intermediario.
Los minutos que no se usaron en el mes no pasan al mes siguiente.
Se puede tener acceso a las tarifas internacionales e información sobre los planes de llamadas internacionales en línea en www.spectrum.net/rates.
(ix.) Modificaciones del Servicio de voz: Spectrum puede, ocasionalmente, ofrecer características o funcionalidades adicionales del Servicio de voz o bien suspender ciertas características o funcionalidades del Servicio de voz.
La información acerca de estas características o funciones estará disponible en la Guía de precios correspondiente en www.Spectrum.com, en "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas".
Estas características o funciones adicionales del Servicio de voz pueden estar sujetas a términos y condiciones específicos adicionales, así como también a cambios por parte de Spectrum en cualquier momento.
(x.) Nombre de la persona que llama: el Servicio Spectrum Voice asociará el nombre del Abonado en la cuenta de Spectrum al número de teléfono que se mostrará junto con los servicios de búsqueda de nombres de quienes llaman ("CNAM") proporcionados como parte del Servicio de voz para todas las llamadas realizadas desde cualquier número de teléfono Spectrum en la cuenta.
Si el Abonado desea modificar el nombre de la persona que llama asociado al CNAM, debe aceptar lo siguiente: la propuesta o propuestas de nombre de la persona que llama no debe(n) inducir a error o suplantar a otra persona o compañía.
no debe(n) contener información falsa y debe(n) representar fielmente el nombre de la persona que está suscrita al Servicio de voz e incluida en los listados de directorio, en caso de existir alguno.
no debe(n) contener palabras abusivas, difamatorias, vulgares, obscenas, racistas o cualquier otro lenguaje ofensivo hacia cualquier persona o entidad, según lo determine Spectrum, a su exclusivo criterio.
y debe(n) cumplir con todas las leyes, normativas y regulaciones correspondientes.
4.
Limitaciones del Servicio de voz: a.
Cortes de Servicio: el módem del Servicio Spectrum Voice funciona con electricidad, por lo que no podrá funcionar cuando haya cortes de energía o si se interrumpe o no funciona la conexión a la banda ancha.
En el caso de que ocurran cortes de energía, no funcionarán ni el módem ni ninguno de los teléfonos y Servicios de voz conectados.
Los cortes de energía interrumpirán el servicio E-911 y el uso del Servicio Spectrum Voice así como también la conexión entre el sistema de seguridad residencial y los servicios de monitoreo central.
Para reducir el riesgo, el Abonado puede elegir comprar una batería de respaldo para usar en caso de corte de energía que no comprometa a la red.
b.
Sistemas de seguridad residencial: aunque el Servicio Spectrum Voice proporcionará una conexión que permita el funcionamiento del sistema de seguridad residencial existente del Abonado, Spectrum no garantiza que dicho sistema funcione completamente después de la instalación del Servicio de voz.
Como tal, es la obligación del Abonado contactar al proveedor de su sistema de seguridad residencial para informarle sobre la instalación del Servicio Spectrum Voice y sobre cualquier cambio en el número de teléfono, además de solicitar una prueba completa de funcionamiento del sistema inmediatamente después de la instalación del Servicio de voz.
También es responsabilidad del Abonado probar sus sistemas de manera regular.
En el caso de un corte de energía o de la red (ya sea sin planificar o relacionado con el mantenimiento), no funcionará ni el Servicio de voz del Abonado ni ninguno de los sistemas de seguridad residencial que usa el Servicio de voz para conectarse a la estación central de monitoreo.
Como se detalla anteriormente en la Sección 3(b)(iv), el Abonado puede adquirir, por separado, una batería de respaldo para su módem y utilizarla en casos de cortes de energía no relacionados con la red.
Como cualquier otro proveedor de servicios de comunicación, no declaramos que nuestro servicio es infalible.
Además, Spectrum prohíbe el uso del Servicio Spectrum Voice como la conexión entre los sistemas de alerta médica y un servicio de estación central de monitoreo, y no conectaremos dichos servicios ni proporcionaremos soporte técnico para la conexión.
c.
Limitaciones adicionales: (i.) En la actualidad, determinados servicios asistidos por operadores tales como la verificación de línea ocupada y la interrupción de la línea ocupada, los servicios de marcado (10-10-XXX), los servicios de pago (servicios 900 y 976) y la facturación a terceros no se ofrecen con el Servicio de voz.
(ii.) Si el Abonado recibe Correo de voz, puede ser elegible para la función voz a texto o voz a e-mail ("Correo de voz legible"), como parte de la característica Correo de voz.
Como resultado del software de reconocimiento de voz usado por Spectrum, es posible que algunos mensajes procesados no se transcriban por completo y aparezcan como mensajes incompletos.
En dichos casos, el Abonado puede conseguir el mensaje completo al escuchar el mensaje de Correo de voz legible.
Como una condición del uso de la función de texto a voz o de voz a e-mail, el Abonado acepta permitir a Spectrum, o a sus proveedores de servicio, procesar dichos archivos de voz y usar los mensajes del correo de voz, y otros datos asociados con dichos mensajes, para mejorar y/o perfeccionar la función.
(iii.) La obligación de Spectrum de instalar los Servicios de voz depende de su capacidad para proteger y conservar, sin costos excesivos, las instalaciones adecuadas y los derechos para la construcción y el mantenimiento de las instalaciones necesarias y los equipos.
Es posible que Spectrum limite las comunicaciones, se rehúse a proporcionar Servicios de voz o interrumpa los Servicios de voz cuando sea necesario debido a: (i) la falta de medios de transmisión, capacidad de transmisión o cualquier otro tipo de instalaciones o equipos.
(ii) la falta de servicios disponibles de, o interconectados con, los servicios o las instalaciones de los proveedores de servicio.
o (iii) cualquier otra causa que exceda el control de Spectrum.
(iv.) Spectrum realizará esfuerzos razonables para lograr que los Servicios de voz estén disponibles en la fecha prevista.
Spectrum no será responsable de ningún daño que ocurra debido a las demoras en cumplir con la fecha de servicio estimada dados los procesos normales de instalación.
Dichas demoras deberán incluir, entre otras, las demoras en la obtención de aprobaciones de permiso de paso, demoras en el trabajo actual de construcción hecho por Spectrum, incluso sus contratistas o representantes, y cualquier demora debida a otros proveedores de servicios en los que Spectrum confía para que cumplan con la fecha estimada que está fuera del control de Spectrum.
(v.) Spectrum ofrece el uso de sus instalaciones para la comunicación entre el Abonado y terceros.
Spectrum no es responsable, ni será responsable legal, por ninguna comunicación o error en la comunicación entre el Abonado (incluso cualquier usuario) y las otras partes (incluso las llamadas a través de un operador, al 911 y E-911).
(vi.) A criterio de Spectrum, las instalaciones de otros proveedores de servicio pueden utilizarse para establecer las conexiones en los puntos donde las instalaciones de Spectrum no puedan llegar.
Al establecer conexiones con otros proveedores, Spectrum no es responsable ni responsable legal de ninguna actividad o inactividad de otros proveedores de servicios.
(vii.) Spectrum proporciona la aplicación móvil Phone2Go únicamente para que la utilicen los clientes del Servicio de voz residencial de Spectrum y solo en ciertas áreas.
Es posible que ciertas funciones del Servicio Spectrum Voice no estén disponibles con la aplicación Phone2Go y ciertas funciones disponibles dentro de la aplicación Phone2Go pueden estar sujetas a términos y condiciones adicionales presentados dentro de la aplicación Phone2Go.
d.
Equipo: el Servicio Spectrum Voice requiere un módem de voz.
Spectrum proporcionará un módem de voz durante el tiempo en el que el Abonado siga siendo Abonado del Servicio de voz o hasta que Spectrum cambie su oferta del Servicio de voz.
Dependiendo del plan de Servicio Spectrum Voice, puede haber un cargo mensual por el módem de voz.
Al cancelar el Servicio Spectrum Voice por cualquier motivo, es posible que el Abonado deba entregar el módem de voz proporcionado por Spectrum en el plazo de treinta (30) días o se le cobrará una tarifa por el equipo igual a la cobrada por Spectrum en el momento que suministró el módem de voz.
La excepción a esta política de devolución es cuando el módem también es un servicio de Internet de respaldo, en cuyo caso, el Abonado puede continuar usando el módem hasta dicho tiempo en el que ya no se proporciona el servicio de Internet o Spectrum solicita una sustitución del módem.
El equipo y las instalaciones proporcionados por Spectrum para prestar el Servicio de voz (excepto por el cableado interno y los tomas interiores) son propiedad de Spectrum.
Los números de teléfono asignados al Abonado por parte de Spectrum son portables y transferibles con el Abonado en la misma ubicación.
sin embargo, el Abonado no tiene derechos de propiedad sobre el número de teléfono ni las designaciones del número de llamadas asociado con los Servicios de voz.
Además, Spectrum puede cambiar dichos números según lo considere necesario.
5.
Plazo: el Servicio Spectrum Voice continuará hasta el momento en que el Abonado cancele el servicio, lo que tendrá vigencia al momento de la notificación, o bien Spectrum lo cancelará por infracción (incluso la falta de pago) de este Acuerdo o según lo determine Spectrum de conformidad con las Condiciones del servicio.
6.
Incorporación al directorio: el Servicio Spectrum Voice le ofrece al Abonado un servicio de Número privado de manera predeterminada o la incorporación al directorio por solicitud.
Según la ubicación y la preferencia del Abonado, el Servicio Spectrum Voice puede incluir un (1) directorio telefónico básico de páginas blancas ordenado alfabéticamente u otro directorio en línea comparable con una lista de los nombres en orden alfabético, números de teléfono y direcciones de todos los clientes del servicio telefónico en un área geográfica en particular fijada por el editor.
La lista alfabética de los nombres de los clientes tiene como objetivo informar a las partes interesadas acerca del número de teléfono y la dirección de los clientes enumerados.
Los nombres se pueden ordenar o disponer de una manera especial por un cargo adicional.
Las listas deben amoldarse a las normas de la editorial con respecto a los directorios publicados.
Spectrum limita la longitud de las listas del directorio al usar abreviaturas cuando, según la opinión de Spectrum, no se compromete la claridad de las listas ni la identificación del cliente al hacerlo.
La duración de las incorporaciones al directorio, cuando las incorporaciones han sido publicadas, es la misma que la duración del directorio.
El período del directorio va desde el día en el que el directorio se distribuye por primera vez a los clientes hasta el día en que el directorio siguiente se distribuye a los clientes.
La responsabilidad de Spectrum con respecto a los errores u omisiones relacionados con las incorporaciones al directorio se establece en la Sección 7, "Limitación de responsabilidad".
7.
Limitación de responsabilidad: a.
El Servicio Spectrum Voice se proporciona "TAL CUAL ES".
LA RESPONSABILIDAD DE SPECTRUM O DE SUS PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIO POR DAÑOS O PÉRDIDAS QUE SURJAN DEL SUMINISTRO DE SERVICIOS DE VOZ AQUÍ DESCRITOS, QUE INCLUYEN A MODO ENUNCIATIVO PERO NO LIMITATIVO ERRORES, OMISIONES, INTERRUPCIONES, DEMORAS O DEFECTOS, REPRESENTACIONES O UTILIZACIÓN DE LOS SERVICIOS DE VOZ, O QUE SURJAN POR DEJAR DE SUMINISTRAR EL SERVICIO DE VOZ, INCLUYENDO EL SERVICIO E-911/911, YA SEA POR CAUSA DE ACCIONES U OMISIONES, Y/O INTERRUPCIONES EN EL FLUJO ELÉCTRICO, SE LIMITARÁ A UNA RETRIBUCIÓN PRORRATEADA POR EL TIEMPO QUE DURÓ LA INTERRUPCIÓN DEL SERVICIO DE VOZ.
SPECTRUM, INCLUSO SUS PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIO, NO SERÁ RESPONSABLE DE NINGUNA PÉRDIDA O DAÑOS DIRECTOS, INDIRECTOS, ESPECIALES, CONSECUENTES, EJEMPLARES O PUNITIVOS, INCLUSO LA PÉRDIDA DE BENEFICIO ECONÓMICO, LA PÉRDIDA DE GANANCIAS, LA PÉRDIDA DE OPORTUNIDADES COMERCIALES Y LOS DAÑOS PERSONALES QUE EL ABONADO, O LOS USUARIOS DEL ABONADO, PUEDAN SUFRIR.
FINALMENTE, SPECTRUM, Y SUS PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIO, NO SERÁN RESPONSABLES DE NINGUNA PÉRDIDA O INTERRUPCIÓN DEL SERVICIO DE VOZ NI POR NINGÚN DAÑO O PÉRDIDA DEBIDOS A LA FALLA O NEGLIGENCIA DEL ABONADO, CUALQUIER USUARIO DEL ABONADO O CUALQUIER OTRO TERCERO O PERSONA, O DEBIDO A LA FALLA O MAL FUNCIONAMIENTO DEL EQUIPO O LAS INSTALACIONES PROPORCIONADOS POR EL ABONADO O EL USUARIO, O DEBIDO AL INCUMPLIMIENTO POR PARTE DEL ABONADO DE CUALQUIER OBLIGACIÓN ESTABLECIDA EN ESTE ACUERDO.
b.
Directorios telefónicos.
LA RESPONSABILIDAD DE SPECTRUM POR DAÑOS DEBIDO A ERRORES U OMISIONES EN LAS INCORPORACIONES AL DIRECTORIO SE LIMITARÁ A LA ACREDITACIÓN POR ÚNICA VEZ DEL EQUIVALENTE A LA TARIFA MENSUAL RECURRENTE DE UN MES DEL SERVICIO DE VOZ (NO INCLUYE CARGOS ÚNICOS, CARGOS MEDIDOS O POR LLAMADA NI NINGÚN IMPUESTO O CARGO RELACIONADO).
EL ABONADO ACEPTA INDEMNIZAR Y EXIMIR DE RESPONSABILIDAD A SPECTRUM EN CUANTO A CUALQUIER Y TODA RECLAMACIÓN POR DAÑOS PROVOCADOS O ACUSADOS DE HABER SIDO PROVOCADOS, DIRECTA O INDIRECTAMENTE, POR LA PUBLICACIÓN DE UNA LISTA QUE EL ABONADO HAYA SOLICITADO SE OMITA DE LAS PÁGINAS BLANCAS DEL DIRECTORIO CORRESPONDIENTE, INCLUIDO CUALQUIER DIRECTORIO EN LÍNEA, O LA DIVULGACIÓN DE TAL LISTA A CUALQUIER PERSONA (INCLUIDO CUALQUIER ERROR O EQUIVOCACIÓN PRESENTE EN DICHA LISTA).
8.
Instalación: Los cargos por los servicios y el equipo de instalación dependerán de la tarifa actual en vigencia.
9.
Impuestos: las tarifas, los impuestos y los recargos correspondientes, si los hubiera, se sumarán a la factura mensual del Abonado.
Para paquetes de Planes de precios que no sean de Spectrum, las tarifas, los impuestos y los recargos correspondientes se divulgarán en su factura mensual además de la tarifa del Servicio de voz.
Para los Planes de precios de Spectrum, las tarifas, los impuestos y los recargos correspondientes se incluirán en la tarifa mensual que usted paga y se divulgarán en la sección de Información de facturación en su factura.
10.
Derechos de propiedad: Spectrum y/o sus proveedores de servicio tienen todos los derechos sobre los Servicios de voz.
El Abonado tiene un derecho limitado a usar el Servicio de voz según estas Condiciones del Servicio de voz.
Sin embargo, las Condiciones del servicio no otorgan al Abonado (ni a los usuarios) ningún derecho, o interés, patentes, derechos de autor, derecho a base de datos, secretos comerciales, nombres comerciales, marcas comerciales o marcas de servicio (registradas o sin registrar), o cualquier derecho o licencia relacionados con el Servicio Spectrum Voice (incluso todas las funciones) o cualquier documentación relacionada.
11.
Usos prohibidos: a.
Uso no residencial: el Servicio Spectrum Voice puede ser usado únicamente como un servicio de voz residencial y no puede ser usado con propósitos comerciales, incluso, entre otros, venta telefónica, servicios de centro de llamadas, transcripción médica o transmisión de facsímil.
Además, ni la marcación automática ni la marcación predictiva se pueden usar con el Servicio Spectrum Voice.
El Servicio Spectrum Voice está destinado a ser usado de acuerdo con el uso residencial normal pretendido.
Por ejemplo, los planes de voz ilimitados están destinados al uso para el diálogo ininterrumpido en vivo entre el Abonado y un tercero.
Otra actividad determinada, como el uso constante y excesivo, los patrones de llamada fuera de lo común y la falta de actividad de diálogo ininterrumpido pueden ser considerados indicadores de que el uso no es consistente con el uso residencial normal del Servicio de voz y por lo tanto en incumplimiento de estas Condiciones de servicio.
El Servicio de voz no podrá usarse para interferir con, ni dañar, el Servicio que se ofrece en las instalaciones ni los equipos asociados de Spectrum, así como tampoco para afectar la privacidad de ninguna de las comunicaciones que se generen a través de las mencionadas instalaciones y los equipos Spectrum asociados.
El Servicio de voz no podrá usarse de ninguna manera, lo que incluye combinar características del Servicio, para modificar la funcionalidad del Servicio de voz o sus funciones componentes de cualquier forma que no respete los patrones y prácticas estándar de llamadas residenciales o las Condiciones del servicio.
Dichos patrones y prácticas no estándar de llamadas incluyen, a título enunciativo, el uso de Llamada de 3 vías, Desvío de llamadas y/o equipos no pertenecientes a Spectrum, lo que resulte en volúmenes de tráfico inusualmente altos o un uso excesivo del servicio de larga distancia.
Spectrum, a su entera discreción, se reserva el derecho de: (i) reclasificar el Servicio de voz del Abonado de residencial a comercial, y de aplicar de inmediato las tarifas comerciales en caso de uso inadecuado o excesivo del Servicio de voz por parte del Abonado, incluido cualquier usuario del Servicio de voz del Abonado.
o (ii) cancelar de inmediato el Servicio de voz del Abonado a causa de dicho uso inadecuado o excesivo.
b.
Fraude.
ilegalidad: Spectrum puede bloquear las llamadas hechas a determinados países, ciudades o centrales telefónicas o que empleen ciertos códigos de autorización si, según su criterio, considera que es razonablemente necesario para evitar el uso fraudulento o ilegal del Servicio de voz.
El Abonado es responsable de evitar que el equipo telefónico del Abonado y el Equipo de Spectrum ubicado en las instalaciones del Abonado se usen para hacer llamadas fraudulentas usando el Servicio Spectrum Voice proporcionado al Abonado.
El Abonado también es responsable por todo uso fraudulento o no autorizado del Servicio de voz que ocurra a través de la cuenta del Abonado sin importar quién sea responsable de dicho uso.
El Abonado será el único responsable del pago de todos los cargos correspondientes al Servicio de voz proporcionado por Spectrum y facturados en la cuenta del Abonado, incluso cuando las llamadas sean originadas de manera fraudulenta ya sea desde las instalaciones del Abonado o desde ubicaciones remotas.
Spectrum no es responsable por ningún daño o cargo, incluso los cargos arancelados por uso, que el Abonado pueda contraer como resultado del uso no autorizado del Servicio de voz proporcionado al Abonado.
El uso no autorizado de las instalaciones del Abonado puede incluir, entre otros, hacer llamadas desde las instalaciones del Abonado y hacer llamadas a través del equipo del Abonado que sean transmitidas o emitidas en la red de Spectrum.
El uso inadecuado del Servicio de voz puede incluir la piratería del módem de voz, el uso excesivo de Llamadas internacionales, las llamadas al servicio de información 411 y otros cargos por uso.
c.
Violaciones.
Además, Spectrum se reserva el derecho de interrumpir el Servicio de voz cuando el Abonado o sus usuarios estén utilizándolo en violación de la ley o de las disposiciones que aparecen en las Condiciones del servicio.
12.
Enmiendas: Spectrum puede, a su exclusivo criterio, cambiar, modificar, agregar o eliminar partes de este Acuerdo y estas Condiciones del servicio en cualquier momento.
Spectrum puede notificar al Abonado sobre cualquiera de tales cambios al publicar la notificación de esos cambios en el sitio web de Spectrum en www.spectrum.com según las "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas" o al enviar la notificación a través de correo electrónico o correo postal de EE.
UU.
La continuación del uso del Servicio Spectrum Voice por parte del Abonado después de dicho cambio, modificación o enmienda será considerada como la aceptación del Abonado de tales modificaciones.
Si el Abonado no acepta alguna modificación de este Acuerdo, el Abonado debe dejar de usar de inmediato el Servicio de voz y notificarle a Spectrum acerca de la cancelación del Servicio de voz.
Además, este Acuerdo está sujeto a cambios de conformidad con la ley aplicable sin previo aviso.
13.
Acuerdo completo: este Acuerdo se publicará junto con las Condiciones del servicio que rigen el uso por parte de los Abonados del Servicio Spectrum Voice en www.Spectrum.com, en la sección "Condiciones del servicio/Políticas" y son los únicos términos y condiciones que rigen el Servicio Spectrum Voice.
Ningún convenio, representación o garantía ofrecidos por un agente o representante de Spectrum en relación con la venta, la instalación, el mantenimiento o la eliminación del Servicio de voz modificará o enmendará este Acuerdo ni las Condiciones del servicio.
<p>Garantías para clientes residenciales</p> Lee los detalles de la garantía para clientes, aquí <p>Términos de Servicio / Politicas de Spectrum Mobile</p>
<p>Acuerdo y divulgación de ley de firma electrónica </p> Su consentimiento para utilizar registros y firmas electrónicas Ocasionalmente, Spectrum y sus afiliadas o agentes pueden proporcionarle algunos avisos, divulgaciones o contratos, algunos de los cuales deben ser "por escrito", según lo exija la ley.
De acuerdo con la Ley de firma electrónica federal y otra ley aplicable, se permite a Spectrum proporcionarle avisos, divulgaciones o contratos por escrito en forma electrónica con su consentimiento, el cual puede darse a través de su firma electrónica.
Su consentimiento de este modo se puede obtener con respecto a muchas políticas, condiciones del servicio, mensajes, avisos y divulgaciones diferentes aplicables a la duración de los servicios de Spectrum (colectivamente, "Registros electrónicos").
Además, Spectrum se reserva el derecho a proporcionarle avisos, divulgaciones o contratos en papel aunque usted haya aceptado recibir Registros electrónicos.
Derecho a recibir registros en papel En cualquier momento, puede solicitarnos copias en papel de cualquier Registro electrónico sin costo alguno.
Puede solicitar la entrega de copias en papel comunicándose con Spectrum al (833) 224-6603.
Además, puede descargar e imprimir una copia de la política, las condiciones del servicio, el mensaje, el aviso o la divulgación correspondientes que se le presenten en su totalidad o según se usen a través de un enlace web al momento del acceso o visualización en su computadora.
Derecho a retirar su consentimiento de recibir registros electrónicos Puede retirar su consentimiento para recibir Registros electrónicos en cualquier momento y sin costo alguno comunicándose con Spectrum al (833) 224-6603.
Si elige recibir registros únicamente en formato de papel, o se niega a proporcionar una firma electrónica, esto puede reducir la velocidad en que recibe los documentos o la información relacionada con su cuenta o los servicios.
Su información de contacto Si elige recibir Avisos electrónicos, debe mantener actualizada su dirección de e-mail.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho a enviar Registros electrónicos a cualquier dirección de e-mail suya que Spectrum tenga en sus registros.
Puede cambiar esa dirección de e-mail en cualquier momento comunicándose con Spectrum al (833) 224-6603.
Aceptación de su acceso y consentimiento para registros electrónicos Al aceptar usar y recibir Registros electrónicos y firmas, usted acepta que • Puede leer este Acuerdo electrónico • Puede imprimir este Acuerdo en papel o guardarlo en formato electrónico para poder consultarlo o puede enviar por correo electrónico esta divulgación a una dirección en la que podrá imprimirla en papel o guardarla para referencia.
• Tiene una dirección de e-mail activa registrada en Spectrum y confirma que tiene acceso a una computadora capaz de recibir Registros electrónicos y lo conservará.
• Hasta que notifique a Spectrum sobre lo descrito anteriormente, usted acepta recibir políticas, condiciones del servicio, mensajes, avisos, divulgaciones u otras comunicaciones llevadas a cabo por Spectrum durante el curso de su suscripción a los servicios de Spectrum.
<p> ACUERDO DE SERVICIO MÓVIL RESIDENCIAL DE SPECTRUM</p> ESTOS TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES DE SERVICIO (“ACUERDO”) QUE RIGEN SU USO DEL SERVICIO MÓVIL DE SPECTRUM INCLUYEN UNA CLÁUSULA DE ARBITRAJE VINCULANTE EN LOS TÉRMINOS Y CONDICIONES GENERALES DEL SERVICIO RESIDENCIAL DE SPECTRUM, QUE INCLUYE UNA RENUNCIA A DEMANDAS COLECTIVAS Y CLÁUSULAS PARA NO EXCLUIRSE DEL ARBITRAJE.
Charter Communications Operating, LLC., a través de sus afiliadas, ("Spectrum") se complace en proporcionarle servicio residencial móvil a usted ("Abonado") conforme a estos términos y condiciones que incorporan e incluyen los Términos y Condiciones Generales del Servicio Residencial de Spectrum y la Política de Privacidad de Spectrum, que se pueden modificar periódicamente (en conjunto, “Condiciones del Servicio”), que se pueden encontrar en espanol.spectrum.com, bajo “Condiciones del Servicio/Políticas” y “Política de Privacidad”.
El uso del servicio Spectrum Mobile™ por parte del Abonado, incluyendo todas las funciones, aplicaciones y portales en línea relacionados con el mismo (en conjunto, “Servicio Móvil”) será considerado como la confirmación de que el Abonado ha leído y aceptado las Condiciones del Servicio.
El Abonado debe activar todos los servicios móviles de Spectrum solicitados.
Spectrum no tendrá ningún tipo de responsabilidad si el Abonado no activa dichos servicios.
Todo usuario que no acepte regirse por las Condiciones del Servicio debe dejar de usar el Servicio Móvil inmediatamente y notificar al Departamento de Servicio al Cliente de Spectrum al (833) 224-6603 para cancelar el Servicio Móvil.
Los términos que aparecen con mayúscula inicial pero sin definición, tendrán su significado en los otros documentos que se detallaron arriba.
Spectrum puede modificar sus precios, cargos, el Servicio Móvil y/o las Condiciones del Servicio.
El uso continuado del Servicio Móvil por parte del Abonado una vez informado de un cambio se considerará como el reconocimiento y la aceptación de dicho cambio por parte del Abonado, y la versión más reciente de estas Condiciones del Servicio rige la relación del Abonado con Spectrum y la prestación del Servicio Móvil al Abonado por parte de Spectrum.
Spectrum actualiza y modifica con regularidad estas Condiciones del Servicio.
El Abonado debe consultar el sitio web de Spectrum espanol.spectrum.com para asegurarse de mantener su conformidad.
1.
Servicios provistos: El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum para el Abonado incluye servicios móviles de voz y datos para llamadas de voz, mensajes y datos y cualquier servicio opcional que el Abonado compre a Spectrum, como llamadas internacionales y roaming para los cuales se pueden aplicar cargos o términos adicionales, y cualquier equipo que el Abonado compre a Spectrum o que Spectrum le proporcione para usar con el Servicio Móvil como un teléfono, aparato, tablet, tarjeta de Módulo de Identidad del Abonado (“SIM”), accesorio u otro dispositivo móvil (en conjunto, “Dispositivo” o “Dispositivos”).
El plan del Servicio Móvil del Abonado incluye asignaciones y funciones mensuales, el/las área(s) geográfica(s) o ubicación(es) donde el Abonado puede usar el Servicio Móvil (“Área de Cobertura”) y cargos mensuales o de pago por uso.
El Abonado debe consultar el sitio web de Spectrum en es.mobile.spectrum.com/plans para obtener información sobre los planes del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum.
Las cuentas del Servicio Móvil se limitan a un máximo de cinco (5) líneas o Dispositivos que reciben el Servicio Móvil.
Para adquirir el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum, el Abonado debe ser un cliente actual de Spectrum Internet® o debe comprar Spectrum Internet en el momento de la adquisición del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum.
Spectrum Internet es un servicio separado del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum que se proporciona en una red diferente y el acceso a y el uso del servicio Spectrum Internet por un dispositivo o por cualquier otro dispositivo del Abonado a través de WiFi o de otro modo no es parte del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum.
Spectrum Internet está sujeto al Acuerdo de Servicios de Internet Residenciales de Spectrum (en lo sucesivo, el "Acuerdo de Spectrum Internet").
Según se estipula en el Acuerdo de Spectrum Internet, Spectrum Internet es un servicio de datos ilimitados que se paga mensualmente y Spectrum no cobra al Abonado los datos enviados o recibidos por Spectrum Internet.
Otros servicios que el Abonado reciba de Spectrum, incluyendo Spectrum TV o Spectrum Voice, están sujetos a los acuerdos aplicables entre el Abonado y Spectrum relacionados con esos servicios.
Se pueden aplicar cargos, términos y/o restricciones adicionales si el Abonado no mantiene Spectrum Internet o si cancela sus otros servicios de Spectrum, incluyendo Spectrum TV o Spectrum Voice.
La red móvil que se usa para transmitir los servicios de voz, texto y datos que admite el Servicio Móvil ofrecido por Spectrum es administrada por y de propiedad de un operador de red móvil comercial con licencia y no Spectrum Mobile.
2.
Aceptación: El Abonado acepta este Acuerdo en cualquiera de las siguientes maneras: acordar por escrito, por correo electrónico, en línea, en persona.
pagar el Servicio o Dispositivo Móvil.
o activar o intentar usar el Servicio o Dispositivo Móvil.
Cuando el Abonado acepta este Acuerdo, confirma que tiene al menos dieciocho (18) años de edad y es legalmente capaz de aceptar un contrato vinculante.
Si el Abonado acepta en nombre de una organización, el Abonado indica que está autorizado para hacer responsable a esa organización y, cuando el contexto lo requiera, “Abonado” se refiere a la organización.
El Abonado acepta que es responsable del acceso a al Servicio Móvil y Dispositivo, su uso, y el pago de todos los cargos incurridos en la cuenta del Abonado por parte de cualquier usuario del Servicio Móvil del Abonado.
Al aceptar, el Abonado está de acuerdo con cada disposición de este Acuerdo, ya sea que lo haya leído o no.
3.
Cancelación: El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum continuará hasta el momento en que el Abonado lo cancele, lo que tendrá vigencia al momento de la notificación o Spectrum lo cancelará por infracción (incluso la falta de pago) de las Condiciones del Servicio o según lo determine Spectrum conforme a dichas Condiciones.
El Abonado debe notificar al Departamento de Servicio al Cliente de Spectrum al (833) 224-6603 para cancelar el Servicio Móvil.
El Abonado es responsable de todos los cargos incurridos hasta el final del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum, incluyendo cualquier cargo restante por Dispositivos.
La falta de pago o la cancelación del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum puede afectar otros servicios o acuerdos que el Abonado tenga con Spectrum, incluyendo paquetes promocionales combinados de otros servicios de Spectrum.
Si el Abonado cancela todos los servicios de Spectrum, cualquier saldo restante del Servicio Móvil y/o Dispositivos se cobrará a la cuenta bancaria, tarjeta de crédito o débito especificada del Abonado, según corresponda, durante el siguiente ciclo de facturación.
4.
Funcionalidad del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum: El Dispositivo usa transmisiones de radio para acceder al Servicio Móvil.
Si el Dispositivo del Abonado no está dentro del alcance de una señal de transmisión, es posible que el Servicio Móvil no funcione.
La disponibilidad y calidad del Servicio Móvil pueden verse afectadas por muchos factores, incluyendo el plan de Servicio Móvil adquirido, el Dispositivo, el operador de la red móvil, el uso mensual del Abonado, la capacidad de la red, la congestión de la red o Internet, las velocidades de los servidores de sitios web, las interrupciones de la red, las políticas de administración de la red, el terreno, los edificios, el follaje, el clima, las acciones de terceros u otros problemas similares, y Spectrum no garantiza la disponibilidad de la red móvil ni las velocidades del servicio.
Además, en algunos casos, Spectrum puede reducir las velocidades de descarga o reproducción, resolución de video o uso del servicio de hotspot móvil de Spectrum del Abonado después de que el Abonado alcanza ciertos niveles o cantidades de descargas, conforme a los términos del plan de Servicio Móvil del Abonado (según se describe en es.mobile.spectrum.com/plans).
Por consiguiente, las velocidades reales del Servicio Móvil variarán.
El Servicio Móvil que depende de la información de ubicación, como 911 Mejorado (“E-911”), que puede proporcionar la ubicación de una persona al operador del 911, y la navegación del posicionamiento global por satélite (“GPS”) dependen de la capacidad de un Dispositivo para recibir señales satelitales (generalmente no disponible en ambientes interiores) y la cobertura de la red.
Es posible que el Abonado no pueda usar su Dispositivo de ninguna manera, incluyendo llamar al 911, mientras el dispositivo recibe una actualización de software hasta que la misma se complete.
El Dispositivo del Abonado se puede conectar automáticamente a hotspots WiFi, incluyendo la red WiFi de su hogar que está conectada a su Servicio Spectrum Internet u otros hotspots WiFi disponibles de Spectrum o terceros.
Cuando el Dispositivo del Abonado está conectado a hotspots WiFi, incluyendo la red WiFi de su hogar que está conectada a su Servicio Spectrum Internet o cualquier otro hotspot WiFi que se conecta a Spectrum Internet, dicho Dispositivo accede a Spectrum Internet y no utiliza el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum y está sujeto a los términos y condiciones del Acuerdo de Spectrum Internet.
La conexión de un Dispositivo a hotspots WiFi no está sujeta a las políticas de uso, incluyendo reducción de la velocidad de transmisión, aplicables al Servicio Móvil de Spectrum y descrita en nuestras divulgaciones del ancho de banda del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum en espanol.spectrum.compolicies/mobile-terms.
Se pueden aplicar limitaciones de velocidad sobre el uso de hotspots WiFi de Spectrum a clientes de Spectrum Mobile que interrumpan el Servicio Spectrum Internet.
Se indican más detalles sobre los términos y condiciones del Servicio Spectrum Internet en el Acuerdo de Spectrum Internet en espanol.spectrum.com/policies/residential-terms.
La conexión del Abonado a WiFi puede verse afectada por una variedad de factores incluyendo el Dispositivo, interferencia (de otros dispositivos, edificios u otras señales inalámbricas) o la distancia desde hotspots WiFi, incluyendo la red WiFi en el hogar del Abonado o en otra ubicación.
Inhabilitar la función de conexión WiFi automática puede limitar la disponibilidad de algunas funciones del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum y/o reducir su utilización de Spectrum Internet, que le proporciona acceso ilimitado a datos, lo que aumenta su uso de datos mensual del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum.
Según su plan de Servicio Móvil, el aumento en el uso de datos del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum puede incrementar sus cargos mensuales o, si se ha suscrito a un plan de Servicio Móvil ilimitado de Spectrum, el mayor uso de datos puede afectar el rendimiento después de que alcance ciertos niveles o cantidades de descarga.
Para ver más información sobre su plan de Servicio Móvil ingrese a es.mobile.spectrum.com/plans.
5.
Dispositivo Móvil: El Dispositivo del Abonado debe cumplir con las regulaciones de la Comisión Federal de Comunicaciones, estar certificado para usarse en la red en que Spectrum proporciona el Servicio Móvil y ser compatible con el Servicio Móvil del Abonado.
El Abonado debe consultar el sitio web de Spectrum (spectrum.com/movil) para obtener información sobre los Dispositivos compatibles con Spectrum.
Spectrum no admite Dispositivos que están bloqueados por otro operador de red móvil o que han sido denunciados como perdidos o robados.
Los Dispositivos comprados a Spectrum pueden incluir aplicaciones o software preinstalados que administran las conexiones inalámbricas.
Spectrum puede cambiar un software, aplicaciones o programar de manera remota el Dispositivo, con o sin aviso al Abonado.
Esto podría afectar los datos almacenados del Abonado o la manera en que el Abonado ha programado o usa su Dispositivo.
Al activar el Servicio Móvil que usa una tarjeta SIM, el Abonado acepta que Spectrum tiene la propiedad intelectual y el software de la tarjeta SIM, que Spectrum puede cambiar el software u otros datos en la tarjeta SIM sin previo aviso y que Spectrum puede utilizar cualquier capacidad de la tarjeta SIM con fines administrativos, de red, de negocio y/o comerciales.
Es posible que los dispositivos no funcionen con otra red móvil y que operadores de otras redes móviles no acepten un Dispositivo en sus redes.
Spectrum no fabrica ningún Dispositivo que el Abonado elija usar con el Servicio Móvil, incluyendo los dispositivos que proporciona Spectrum.
Spectrum no es responsable de defectos, acciones, omisiones u otros problemas de un Dispositivo.
Consulte con el fabricante del Dispositivo para determinar si tiene alguna garantía.
El rendimiento del Dispositivo puede variar según las especificaciones (por ejemplo, software, memoria y almacenamiento del Dispositivo) y puede afectar el acceso al Servicio Móvil de Spectrum.
Si el Abonado compró un dispositivo a Spectrum, es posible que se haya programado con un bloqueo de Dispositivo o SIM que evitará que funcione con otros servicios compatibles de operadores de redes móviles.
Si el Abonado desea usar su Dispositivo con el servicio de otro operador de red móvil o si desea intercambiar su servicio móvil entre dos Dispositivos que admiten Spectrum, a solicitud, Spectrum proporcionará asistencia razonable para desbloquear el Dispositivo o intercambiar su Servicio Móvil entre dos Dispositivos compatibles con Spectrum, siempre que el Abonado cumpla ciertos criterios, incluyendo, a modo enunciativo pero no limitativo, lo siguiente: (a) El Abonado ha pagado cada Dispositivo en su totalidad.
(b) la cuenta del Abonado ha estado activa más de sesenta (60) días y está al día (es decir, no tiene monto vencido o saldo impago adeudado a Spectrum).
(c) ninguno de los Dispositivos ha sido denunciado como extraviado o robado.
El Abonado es responsable de la seguridad de cualquier Dispositivo conectado al Servicio Móvil, incluyendo los datos almacenados en el mismo, y de mantener protecciones contra virus y otras de seguridad de Internet cuando accede a productos o servicios de terceros.
El Abonado puede descargar y usar contenido y aplicaciones en el Dispositivo que no son provistos por Spectrum pero bajo su propio riesgo.
Algunas aplicaciones proporcionadas por Spectrum como parte del Servicio Móvil no se pueden instalar desde el dispositivo.
6.
Uso del Servicio de Datos: El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum y sus Dispositivos pueden permitir al Abonado, entre otras cosas, acceder a Internet, correo electrónico, mensajes de texto, tomar fotos y grabar videos, usar el Servicio de Hotspot Móvil de Spectrum, descargar y reproducir juegos, videos, música, gráficos, sonido, aplicaciones y otros materiales (“Contenido”), o enviar Contenido a otra parte.
La resolución de video puede reducirse a definición estándar según el uso del Abonado o su plan de Servicio Móvil (como se describe en es.mobile.spectrum.com/plans).
Sujeto a las prácticas de administración de la red de Spectrum y sus operadores de red móvil, Spectrum no controla el contenido al que el Abonado accede o crea en un Dispositivo.
El contenido puede ser: (1) inadecuado para niños/menores.
(2) no confiable o inexacto.
o (3) ofensivo, indecente o cuestionable.
El Abonado es exclusivamente responsable de evaluar el contenido al que accede o crea el Abonado o cualquier otro a través del Dispositivo y/o el Servicio Móvil.
Además, el contenido de terceros puede dañar el Dispositivo o su software (según se define a continuación).
Spectrum no es responsable de ningún contenido o daño causado por un contenido al que el Abonado acceda o cree a través del Servicio Móvil, que el Abonado cargue en un Dispositivo o que el Abonado solicite que los representantes de Spectrum accedan y carguen en un Dispositivo.
El contenido de terceros, incluyendo las aplicaciones que cargue el Abonado, puede estar sujeto a condiciones del servicio adicionales.
Las políticas sobre propiedad intelectual, privacidad y otros términos de uso pueden diferir de las de Spectrum, y el Abonado puede estar sujeto a dichas políticas o términos cuando visite dichos sitios de terceros, descargue o utilice sus servicios.
Es responsabilidad del Abonado leer las reglas o los acuerdos de servicio con cada proveedor de Contenido o servicios.
Cualquier información que el Abonado proporcione de manera voluntaria o involuntaria a terceros se rige por sus políticas o términos.
SPECTRUM NO ES UN EDITOR DE INFORMACIÓN, APLICACIONES U OTRO CONTENIDO DE TERCEROS Y NO ES RESPONSABLE DE NINGUNA OPINIÓN, CONSEJO, DECLARACIÓN U OTRA INFORMACIÓN, SERVICIOS O BIENES PROPORCIONADOS POR TERCEROS.
7.
Licencia de Software: El “Software” de un Dispositivo incluye sus interfaces de software, documentación, datos, Contenido y aplicaciones, y cada una de estas partes pueden ser actualizadas o reemplazadas por mejoras de funciones u otras actualizaciones.
Spectrum otorga al Abonado una licencia o una sublicencia no exclusiva y no transferible para usar el software de conformidad con las condiciones de la licencia de software aplicable.
No se conceden derechos al código fuente.
Spectrum otorga la licencia de Software de un Dispositivo al Abonado para que este lo utilice de manera personal, lícita y no comercial, solamente en su Dispositivo.
Salvo que lo permita la ley correspondiente, el Abonado no puede ceder, transferir, emitir sublicencias, copiar, reproducir, redistribuir, revender, modificar, descompilar, intentar obtener el código fuente, hacer ingeniería inversa de todo el Software o de parte de este, ni modificar, desactivar o sortear las funciones de seguridad de administración de derechos digitales que están integrados en el Software.
El Software no se puede transferir de un Dispositivo a otro Dispositivo.
El Abonado no puede crear trabajos derivados de todo el Software o de parte de este.
El Abonado acepta que el Software tiene Contenido patentado e información de propiedad de Spectrum, sus licenciatarios y/o terceros.
Spectrum, sus licenciatarios y los terceros se reservan el derecho de cambiar, suspender, cancelar, eliminar e imponer límites sobre el uso del Software, el acceso o la desactivación del acceso a este en cualquier momento y sin notificación, y no tendrá ningún tipo de responsabilidad por hacerlo.
El Software del sistema operativo del tercero y el Software preinstalado no provistos por Spectrum están sujetos a los acuerdos de licencias de dichas partes.
8.
Uso del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum: La red móvil en la que Spectrum brinda Servicio Móvil es un recurso compartido que se administra para beneficio de todos sus usuarios y es una red separada de la red en la que Spectrum brinda Spectrum Internet.
Ciertas actividades y usos del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum y los usos de la red por parte del cliente individual o de un pequeño grupo de clientes pueden afectar de manera negativa el uso y el aprovechamiento que otros hacen de la red.
Por lo tanto, ciertas actividades y usos del Servicio Móvil están permitidos y otros no.
Actividades Permitidas: El Servicio Móvil está diseñado para usar con las siguientes actividades permitidas: (i) navegación en Internet.
(ii) correo electrónico.
(iii) llamadas de voz.
(iv) mensajería.
(v) reproducción de música.
(vi) carga y descarga de aplicaciones y Contenido hacia y desde Internet y tiendas de terceros.
y (vii) uso de aplicaciones y Contenido sin contribuir de manera excesiva a la congestión de la red.
El Abonado acepta usar el Servicio Móvil solo para las actividades permitidas.
Actividades Prohibidas: El Servicio Móvil no se debe usar de ninguna manera que tenga alguno de los siguientes efectos y dicho uso está prohibido si este: (a) genera un conflicto con leyes aplicables.
(b) impide el acceso de otros clientes a la red móvil.
(c) compromete la seguridad o la capacidad de la red.
(d) contribuye de manera excesiva y desproporcionada a la congestión de la red.
(e) afecta de manera negativa los niveles de servicio de la red o los flujos de datos legítimos.
(f) deteriora el rendimiento de la red.
(g) perjudica a la red o a otros clientes.
(h) genera prácticas o patrones de llamadas no estándar (marcado automático, desvío de llamadas con volumen alto, piratería o secuestro de equipos).
(i) excede el límite de crédito del Abonado o el límite del plan del Servicio Móvil (como se describe en es.mobile.spectrum.com/plans).
(j) causa uso indebido o excesivo del Servicio Móvil.
(k) se vende, revende, cede, comparte, otorga licencias o de otra manera es provisto o utilizado solo o como parte de un bien o un servicio.
(l) falsifica, reprograma, altera o de otra manera modifica un Dispositivo para sortear alguna de las políticas de Spectrum o viola los derechos de propiedad intelectual de alguien.
(m) rechaza, obstruye, penetra o intenta rechazar, obstruir o penetrar las medidas de seguridad de los sistemas o red móvil, sistemas o red de otra entidad, o las cuentas de otros.
o (n) conecta un Dispositivo a un dispositivo informático separado (como por ejemplo una computadora, un Smartphone, un eBook o eReader, un reproductor multimedia, una laptop u otros dispositivos con funciones similares) a través del uso de kits de conexión, aplicaciones, dispositivos o accesorios (con tecnología por cable o inalámbrica) salvo que el Abonado esté utilizando el Servicio de Hotspot Móvil de Spectrum.
El Servicio Móvil solo puede ser utilizado con fines legales.
El Abonado no utilizará ni permitirá que otros utilicen el Servicio Móvil de forma que constituya una violación de cualquier ley o reglamentación federal, estatal, local o internacional correspondiente.
o que promueva o participe en una actividad ilegal o una conducta que viole o infrinja los derechos de cualquier persona, o que las permita.
Se prohíbe la transmisión o distribución de materiales que violen las leyes o regulaciones pertinentes.
Esto incluye, sin limitación, el material protegido por derechos de autor, marca registrada, secreto comercial u otro derecho de propiedad intelectual utilizado sin la debida autorización, y el material que sea obsceno, ilegal, difamatorio, que constituya una amenaza ilegal o que viole las leyes de control de exportaciones.
Spectrum puede bloquear las llamadas o las transmisiones de datos que se hacen a determinados países, ciudades o centrales telefónicas, o que se reciben de estos o que empleen ciertos códigos de autorización si, según su exclusivo criterio, considera que es razonablemente necesario para evitar el uso no estándar, excesivo, ilegal o fraudulento del Servicio Móvil Asimismo, no se permite el uso del Servicio Móvil para suplantar a una persona o entidad, o para participar de actividades fraudulentas.
SPECTRUM SE RESERVA EL DERECHO, A SU ENTERA DISCRECIÓN, DE SUSPENDER, CANCELAR O RESTRINGIR DE INMEDIATO EL USO DEL SERVICIO MÓVIL SIN PREVIO AVISO SI DICHO USO VIOLA LAS RESTRICCIONES EN ESTA SECCIÓN 8.
9.
Cargos de Roaming: Roaming significa cobertura en la red de otro operador de red móvil (“Roaming”).
El Servicio Móvil del Abonado se puede utilizar para llamadas internacionales y Roaming.
El Servicio Móvil originado o recibido al estar fuera del Área de Cobertura incluida en el plan de Servicio Móvil está sujeto a cargos de Roaming.
La capacidad de un Dispositivo de conectarse a una red dentro de la cobertura a una fuera de la cobertura depende del Dispositivo del Abonado, del plan de Servicio Móvil y de la disponibilidad de la cobertura de Roaming.
Es posible que algún Servicio Móvil no esté disponible o funcione de la misma manera cuando se utiliza el Roaming (por ejemplo, servicios de datos, correo de voz o llamada en espera).
El uso del Servicio Móvil en Roaming también depende del soporte para la funcionalidad y la tecnología de red aplicables del proveedor de Roaming.
Es posible que haya tarifas más altas y cargos adicionales (se incluyen cargos para larga distancia, cargas adicionales o llamadas que no logran conectarse) para llamadas internacionales o cuando se está en Roaming.
Se le puede informar o no a los Abonados que están utilizando el Roaming o sobre los costos asociados.
El Roaming puede estar limitado o no disponible si más de la mitad del uso del Servicio Móvil mensual del Abonado durante un período de sesenta (60) días consecutivos se hace fuera del Área de Cobertura incluida en el plan de Servicio Móvil del Abonado (como se describe en es.mobile.spectrum.com/plans).
Además, Spectrum puede bloquear el servicio del uso de voz, texto y/o datos mientras se utiliza el Roaming en algunos países de la manera que Spectrum considere razonablemente necesario para evitar un uso no estándar, excesivo, ilícito o fraudulento del Servicio Móvil.
10.
Dispositivo Extraviado o Robado: El Abonado acepta llamar de inmediato a Spectrum si su dispositivo se extravía o se lo roban, de modo que el Servicio Móvil se pueda suspender para impedir que otra persona lo use.
Si el Dispositivo del Abonado se utiliza después del extravío o del robo, pero antes de que el Abonado haga la denuncia de la pérdida, y el Abonado quiere obtener crédito por los cargos de ese uso, Spectrum revisará la actividad de la cuenta y cualquier otra información que el Abonado quiera que Spectrum considere para demostrar que los cargos no estaban autorizados.
Se le puede solicitar al Abonado que proporcione o que envíe información para respaldar la reclamación.
Spectrum puede agregar el Dispositivo a la “lista de objetos extraviados y robados” para impedir que se use el Dispositivo en cualquier red de operador de red móvil.
Se puede responsabilizar al Abonado por los cargos si este demora en hacer la denuncia del extravío o del robo y no tiene una buena justificación de esa demora, pero el Abonado no tiene que pagar ningún tipo de cargos de Servicio Móvil que este dispute mientras se investiguen los cargos.
Un Dispositivo extraviado o robado no exime al Abonado de la obligación de pago de ningún Plan de Pago del Dispositivo o Plan de Arrendamiento.
Solo para Abonados de California: Si bien el Abonado no es responsable de los cargos que este no autorizó, Spectrum considera que el hecho de que una llamada se haya hecho desde el Dispositivo del Abonado es una prueba de que la llamada fue autorizada.
Los cargos no autorizados pueden incluir llamadas hechas al Dispositivo del Abonado o desde el Dispositivo del Abonado después de que este se extravió o fue robado.
Si el Abonado no informa de inmediato el extravío o el robo, el Abonado puede ser responsable del uso del Servicio Móvil hasta que se denunció el incidente.
Una vez que se informe a Spectrum que el Dispositivo se ha extraviado o ha sido robado, y el Dispositivo está suspendido, el Abonado no será responsable de los cargos posteriores que se originen por el uso de ese Dispositivo.
Si Spectrum no le ha dado al Abonado una suspensión de cortesía de los cargos mensuales recurrentes durante el año anterior, Spectrum le otorgará al Abonado una (1) suspensión por treinta (30) días hasta que el Abonado reemplace o recupere el Dispositivo, lo que ocurra primero.
11.
Privacidad e Información en un Dispositivo: Tal como se describe en la Política de Privacidad de Spectrum, Spectrum, junto con sus socios, puede recopilar información técnica y de servicio de todos los usuarios del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum durante el suministro de Servicio Móvil de Spectrum o del Dispositivo del Abonado.
Dicha información puede incluir el plan de Servicio Móvil e información de funciones, información de uso y descarga de aplicaciones, información del Dispositivo o del equipo, información de rendimiento o tráfico de red, información de uso de Servicio Móvil, datos diagnósticos (que incluye rendimiento del Dispositivo, potencia de la señal, llamadas caídas, falla de datos o información de la fortaleza de la batería) e información de ubicación (que se define a continuación).
Spectrum puede usar esta información técnica y de servicio para proporcionar servicios de datos y de voz móviles, y para mejorar la experiencia de red y la calidad de la experiencia móvil del Abonado.
Un Dispositivo puede contener información personal y confidencial.
Spectrum no es responsable de la información que está guardada en un Dispositivo, lo que incluye información personal o confidencial.
Spectrum recomienda que el Abonado proteja la información personal y confidencial cuando el Dispositivo no está bajo control o posesión del Abonado.
Al entregar un Dispositivo a Spectrum, el Abonado acepta que los empleados, los contratistas o los proveedores de Spectrum pueden acceder a toda la información que hay en un Dispositivo.
Si el Abonado cambia, devuelve o recicla un Dispositivo a través de Spectrum, el Abonado debe retirar todos los datos y la información del Dispositivo antes de entregarlo a Spectrum.
12.
Cargo mensual por servicio: El Abonado acepta pagar el cargo de servicio móvil mensual de Spectrum, el cual está compuesto por diversas tarifas, impuestos y recargos regulatorios o gubernamentales, tales como recargos de fondos para servicios universales a nivel federal o estatal.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho de aumentar o reducir cualquier cargo por el Servicio Móvil que ofrece.
El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum se cancelará en el caso de que el Abonado no pague.
Los cargos mensuales y de uso se facturarán tal como se especifica en el plan de Servicio Móvil del Abonado (que se describe en es.mobile.spectrum.com/plans).
Según el Servicio Móvil del Abonado, los cargos por servicios adicionales pueden incluir asistencia de directorio y de operador, correo de voz, desvío de llamadas, llamadas de datos, textos y acceso a Internet.
Spectrum puede cobrar cargos por activación, prepago, reactivación, programa, Dispositivo, Plan de Arrendamiento, cargos de planes de cuotas u otros cargos para establecer, cambiar o mantener el Servicio Móvil del Abonado.
Algunas transacciones también pueden estar sujetas a cambios (por ejemplo, facilidad de pago, cambio de números de teléfono o actualizaciones de teléfono).
Spectrum notificará al Abonado si algunas de estas tarifas se aplican a las transacciones solicitadas.
Para determinar el lugar de uso principal (“PPU”, por sus siglas en inglés) del Abonado, y qué impuestos y valoraciones de la jurisdicción se cobran, el Abonado debe proporcionar a Spectrum su dirección residencial.
Si el Abonado no proporciona la dirección a Spectrum, o si la misma queda fuera del Área de Cobertura de Spectrum, Spectrum puede designar de manera razonable un PPU dentro del Área de Cobertura del Abonado.
El Abonado debe vivir y tener una dirección postal dentro del Área de Cobertura de Spectrum.
Si el Abonado intenta usar un Dispositivo en una dirección alternativa, este debe comunicarse con Spectrum al (833) 224-6603 para actualizar el PPU de su cuenta.
13.
Facturación: Al Abonado se le facturarán en forma mensual, por adelantado, los cargos recurrentes por Dispositivo y Servicio Móvil (por ejemplo, cargos por servicio de línea y/o impuestos asociados, cargos por planes de servicios, funciones, uso prepagado, Plan de Pago de Dispositivo Móvil de Spectrum, Plan de Arrendamiento y todo Plan de Protección de Dispositivo comprado), y en mora por cargos de uso (por ejemplo, datos, llamadas internacionales y Roaming).
Es posible que los cargos por Roaming y datos internacionales no aparezcan en un resumen de cuenta durante el ciclo de facturación cuando las llamadas y/o el uso de datos se hicieron debido a las demoras en la recepción y la revisión de dichos registros.
Si el Abonado recibe un Dispositivo o Servicio Móvil en una promoción, una vez que termine el período de la promoción, se aplicarán los precios de mercado que estaban vigentes en ese entonces para el Dispositivo o el Servicio Móvil del Abonado.
Para los cargos en función de la cantidad de tiempo utilizado o para los datos enviados o recibidos, Spectrum redondeará las fracciones al siguiente minuto completo o, según cómo se le facture al Abonado por el uso de datos, al siguiente megabyte (“MB”) o gigabyte (“GB”) completos.
Para las llamadas salientes, el tiempo de uso comienza cuando el Abonado presiona ‘ENVIAR’ (o tecla similar) o cuando la llamada se conecta a la red.
y para las llamadas entrantes, comienza cuando la llamada se conecta a la red (que puede ser antes de que suene).
El tiempo de uso puede terminar varios segundos después de que el Abonado presione “FINALIZAR” (o tecla similar) o después de que se desconecta la llamada.
Para las llamadas que se hacen en la red, Spectrum solo cobrará las llamadas que se respondan, lo que incluye las respuestas de contestadores automáticos.
El uso no siempre se puede procesar de inmediato y es posible que se incluya en una factura posterior.
Los Abonados con un plan de Servicio Móvil de Spectrum ilimitado pagarán un cargo mensual por el Servicio de conformidad con los términos de dicho plan.
Para los Abonados con un plan de Servicio Móvil de Spectrum en función de la cantidad de tiempo utilizado y/o de los datos enviados o recibidos, al Abonado se le cobrarán todos los datos enviados, recibidos, consumidos por el Abonado y/o utilizados en la cuenta del Abonado, lo que incluye, entre otros, datos consumidos por las aplicaciones (incluso todo Servicio Móvil de Spectrum y/u otras aplicaciones de Spectrum), widgets, mensajería multimedia, conexión, carga, descarga, streaming de Contenido, acceso a Internet (incluso el acceso a intranets corporativas, correos electrónicos y aplicaciones de productividad individuales), GPS y servicios de localización y voz sobre protocolo de Internet (lo que incluye toda sobrecarga de la red y/o sobrecarga de protocolo de Internet asociado con el Contenido enviado o recibido).
Al final de cada ciclo de facturación, el uso de datos para una cuenta con una sola línea que recibe el Servicio Móvil de manera prepagada se redondeará al siguiente MB o GB, según el plan de Servicio Móvil del Abonado.
Por ejemplo, si el Abonado utiliza 1.2 GB de datos durante un ciclo de facturación, al Abonado se le facturará un uso de 2 GB.
Al final de cada ciclo de facturación, el uso de datos para una cuenta con varias líneas que recibe el Servicio Móvil de manera prepagada se puede agregar y luego redondear al siguiente GB, según las condiciones del plan de su Servicio Móvil.
Si un Abonado selecciona un plan de Servicio Móvil de una promoción que incluye una asignación predeterminada de Servicio Móvil (por ejemplo, una asignación predeterminada de gigabytes o mensajes), salvo que se establezca específicamente lo contrario como parte de dicho plan de Servicio Móvil, toda asignación no utilizada de Servicio Móvil de un ciclo de facturación no se transferirá a ningún otro ciclo de facturación.
El primer ciclo de facturación del Abonado comenzará al activar el Dispositivo o siete (7) días después de la fecha de envío del Dispositivo, lo que ocurra primero, y la primera factura del Abonado puede incluir cargos mensuales parciales del servicio además de los cargos mencionados anteriormente.
Todas las facturas de Servicio Móvil de Spectrum estarán disponibles a través de la aplicación y el portal de Internet Mi Cuenta.
Al Abonado se le facturará de manera separada por el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum desde cualquier otro servicio de Spectrum, lo que incluye Spectrum Internet o Spectrum TV.
14.
Cambios No Autorizados: EL ABONADO DEBE TENER CUIDADO CUANDO PERMITA QUE OTRA PERSONA, LO QUE INCLUYE UN HIJO U OTRO MENOR, USE UN DISPOSITIVO DE SU CUENTA.
El Abonado está obligado a pagar todos los cargos en los que incurra, incluso los cargos de cualquier otro usuario de un Dispositivo asociado con la cuenta del Abonado.
Se puede acceder a muchos servicios y aplicaciones en o a través de un Dispositivo, lo que incluye compras de juegos, películas, música y otro tipo de Contenido.
Algunos de estos servicios son provistos por Spectrum.
Otros son provistos por terceros que pueden ofrecer la opción de cargos de facturación a la factura de Spectrum del Abonado u otros métodos de pago.
Los cargos pueden ser únicos o recurrentes.
Si al comprador se le permite que se le facturen los cargos en la cuenta del Abonado y se elige esta opción, dichos cargos formarán parte del monto adeudado para ese ciclo de facturación.
El Abonado es exclusivamente responsable de todos los cargos a dichos terceros, lo que incluye todas las tarifas correspondientes.
Además, el Abonado es el único responsable de proteger la seguridad de la tarjeta de crédito y de otro tipo de información personal provista a otros en relación con dichas transacciones.
Spectrum puede aceptar brindar servicios de facturación en nombre de terceros, como agente de ese tercero.
Spectrum no será responsable de ninguna disputa con respecto a los cargos entre el Abonado y un tercero.
El Abonado debe resolver todas estas disputas directamente con el tercero.
15.
Derecho de Spectrum de limitar o finalizar el Servicio Móvil o este Acuerdo: Spectrum puede, con o sin aviso, limitar, suspender o finalizar el Servicio Móvil del Abonado o cualquier acuerdo con el Abonado por cualquier causa justificada, las que incluyen, entre otras: (1) si el Abonado: (a) incumple este Acuerdo.
(b) revende su Servicio Móvil.
(c) usa el Servicio Móvil para cualquier fin ilegal o fraudulento.
(d) instala, implementa o utiliza un equipo de regeneración o mecanismo similar (por ejemplo, una repetidora) para producir, amplificar, mejorar, retransmitir o regenerar una señal de frecuencia de radio sin la autorización de Spectrum.
(e) roba o miente a Spectrum.
(f) no paga su factura de cualquiera de los servicios de Spectrum a tiempo.
(g) incurre en cargos mayores que el Depósito requerido o límite de facturación, o que significativamente exceden sus cargos de acceso mensual (incluso si Spectrum aún no ha facturado los cargos).
o (h) no puede pagar Spectrum o se declara en quiebra.
o (2) si el Abonado o cualquier usuario del Dispositivo del Abonado, o cualquier línea de Servicio Móvil en la cuenta del Abonado: (a) amenaza o acosa a los representantes de Spectrum, o se dirige a estos en un lenguaje vulgar y/o inapropiado.
(b) interfiere con las operaciones de Spectrum.
(c) “envía correos no deseados” o participa de cualquier otro tipo de mensajería de tipo abusiva.
(d) modifica su Dispositivo para cambiar las especificaciones del fabricante.
o (e) utiliza el Servicio Móvil del Abonado de manera tal que tiene un efecto negativo en la red o en otros clientes, o que viola las restricciones que se mencionan en la Sección 8 de arriba.
Spectrum también puede limitar de manera temporaria el Servicio Móvil del Abonado por cualquier razón operativa o gubernamental.
Los derechos de Spectrum en esta sección son adicionales a los derechos específicos que Spectrum se reserva en otras disposiciones de este Acuerdo o en otras Condiciones del Servicio para interrumpir, suspender, modificar o cancelar el Servicio Móvil del Abonado y para cancelar el Acuerdo del Abonado.
16.
Transferencia: El Abonado puede traspasar o “transferir” su número de teléfono móvil a otro operador de red móvil.
Si el Abonado transfiere un número desde Spectrum, Spectrum considerará que el Abonado solicita a Spectrum la cancelación del Servicio Móvil del Abonado para ese número.
Una vez que se complete la transferencia, el Abonado ya no podrá usar el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum para ese número, pero el Abonado seguirá siendo responsable de todas las tarifas y los cargos de Servicio Móvil en los que incurrió hasta el final de ese ciclo de facturación, y de todos los cargos de Dispositivos, al igual que cualquier otro tipo de cancelación.
Si el Abonado transfiere un número a Spectrum, es posible que Spectrum no pueda brindar de inmediato algunos servicios, como por ejemplo los servicios E-911.
El Abonado reconoce y acepta que, salvo que lo exija una ley correspondiente, el Abonado no tiene derechos exclusivos sobre el número de móvil que Spectrum le asigne, salvo el derecho que el Abonado pueda tener para transferir el número.
17.
Información de Ubicación: El Dispositivo del Abonado o el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum pueden determinar la ubicación geográfica física del Dispositivo y del Abonado (“Información de Ubicación”).
Tal como se describe en la Política de Privacidad de Spectrum, Spectrum, junto con sus socios, puede recopilar automáticamente Información de Ubicación u otros datos del cliente durante el suministro de Servicio Móvil de Spectrum.
Spectrum, junto con sus socios y/o proveedor de servicio de red, pueden usar esta Información de Ubicación, datos del cliente e información de uso y rendimiento que se obtiene de la red o del Dispositivo del Abonado para suministrar servicios móviles de datos y de voz, y para mejorar la experiencia de la red y de la calidad del servicio móvil del Abonado.
La Información de Ubicación también se puede utilizar para crear datos globales de los cuales la información de carácter personal ha sido eliminada u ocultada.
Estos datos globales se pueden utilizar para una variedad de fines (por ejemplo, para investigación científica y de marketing, volumen de tráfico de vehículos y monitoreo).
Es responsabilidad del Abonado notificar a los usuarios de su cuenta que la información de uso del Servicio Móvil o de los Dispositivos de dichos usuarios vinculados con la cuenta del Abonado puede ser recopilada.
El Dispositivo del Abonado también puede usar Contenido opcional a solicitud del Abonado o a solicitud de un usuario en la cuenta del Abonado, ofrecido por Spectrum o terceros que usan la Información de ubicación del Dispositivo (“Servicio en Función de la Ubicación”).
El Abonado debe revisar los términos y las condiciones, y la política de privacidad relacionada para cada Servicio en función de la ubicación para saber cómo se utilizará y protegerá la información de ubicación.
Si el Abonado no quiere que el Servicio en función de la ubicación recopile o use la Información de ubicación, deberá desactivar los servicios de localización en el Dispositivo mediante las configuraciones del Dispositivo.
18.
911 y Alertas de Emergencia: Cuando se hacen llamadas a un punto de respuesta de seguridad pública (“PSAP”, por sus siglas en inglés) desde un Dispositivo, como por ejemplo cuando se marca el 911, el Abonado siempre debe estar preparado para brindar su ubicación y número de teléfono.
A diferencia de un teléfono fijo tradicional, un PSAP puede no conocer el número de teléfono o la ubicación de la persona que llama.
Si bien algunas autoridades de emergencia a nivel local han activado los servicios E-911 que usan GPS u otros métodos para determinar las ubicaciones de las personas que llaman, el E-911 no siempre brinda información de localización precisa.
Si el Dispositivo del Abonado está en el interior, no puede obtener la señal satelital o no puede obtener la ubicación de la persona que llama, es posible que la Información de ubicación no se transmita automáticamente al PSAP.
Además, el proceso de transferencia de un número de teléfono puede impedir que el Servicio Móvil brinde servicios de ubicación al PSAP durante ese tiempo.
Si el Abonado hace una llamada al 911, el operador puede ver un número de teléfono que es diferente del número de teléfono personal del Abonado.
En algunos casos, puede ocurrir que el PSAP no pueda volver a llamar al Abonado.
Las llamadas al 911 a través de WiFi o una conexión de datos pueden funcionar de manera diferente a las llamadas al 911 desde teléfonos fijos tradicionales.
Es posible que estas llamadas no se conecten al PSAP, puedan ser limitadas o puedan no estar disponibles si el Abonado está experimentando un corte de energía, si hay una interrupción del servicio de Wi-Fi o en la conexión de datos, o si el Abonado no puede tener acceso a Internet.
Si la llamada del Abonado se conecta al PSAP, es posible que su información de ubicación y número de teléfono no se transmitan.
Además, si el Abonado no ha actualizado su dirección 911 de emergencia en las configuraciones de su Dispositivo, el Dispositivo puede proporcionar un PSAP con Información de ubicación que sea diferente a la ubicación de llamada del Abonado.
El Abonado debe estar preparado para brindar su ubicación y número de teléfono al PSAP.
Si el Abonado es sordo, tiene problemas de audición o de habla y necesita comunicarse con los servicios de emergencia, el Abonado debe llamar directamente al 911 mediante el TTY o el servicio de retransmisión de telecomunicaciones.
Spectrum también puede proporcionar servicios de alerta de emergencia inalámbricos en partes de su Área de Cobertura en dispositivos que admitan alertas de emergencia.
No se cobran cargos adicionales por estos servicios de alerta de emergencia inalámbricos.
Es posible que los servicios de alerta de emergencia inalámbricos no estén disponibles en todos los Dispositivos o en toda el Área de Cobertura, o si el Abonado se encuentra fuera del Área de Cobertura.
En las áreas en que se transmiten las alertas de emergencia, es posible que dichas alertas no sean recibidas por un Abonado o usuario del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum, incluso si el usuario tiene un Dispositivo con capacidad para recibirlas.
19.
Limitación de responsabilidad: LA RESPONSABILIDAD DE SPECTRUM O DE SUS PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIO POR DAÑOS O PÉRDIDAS QUE SURJAN DEL SUMINISTRO DE SERVICIOS MÓVILES AQUÍ DESCRITOS, QUE INCLUYEN A MODO ENUNCIATIVO PERO NO LIMITATIVO ERRORES, OMISIONES, INTERRUPCIONES, DEMORAS O DEFECTOS, REPRESENTACIONES O UTILIZACIÓN DE LOS SERVICIOS DE VOZ, O QUE SURJAN POR DEJAR DE SUMINISTRAR EL SERVICIO MÓVIL, LO QUE INCLUYE EL SERVICIO E-911/911, YA SEA POR CAUSA DE ACCIONES U OMISIONES, Y/O INTERRUPCIONES EN EL FLUJO ELÉCTRICO, SE LIMITARÁ A UNA RETRIBUCIÓN PRORRATEADA POR EL TIEMPO QUE DURÓ LA INTERRUPCIÓN DEL SERVICIO MÓVIL.
SPECTRUM, INCLUSO SUS PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIO, NO SERÁ RESPONSABLE DE NINGUNA PÉRDIDA O DAÑOS DIRECTOS, INDIRECTOS, ESPECIALES, CONSECUENTES, EJEMPLARES O PUNITIVOS, INCLUSO LA PÉRDIDA DE BENEFICIO ECONÓMICO, LA PÉRDIDA DE GANANCIAS, LA PÉRDIDA DE OPORTUNIDADES COMERCIALES Y LOS DAÑOS PERSONALES QUE EL ABONADO, O LOS USUARIOS DEL ABONADO, PUEDAN SUFRIR.
FINALMENTE, SPECTRUM, Y SUS PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIO, NO SERÁN RESPONSABLES DE NINGUNA PÉRDIDA O INTERRUPCIÓN DEL SERVICIO MÓVIL NI POR NINGÚN DAÑO O PÉRDIDA DEBIDO A LA FALLA O NEGLIGENCIA DEL ABONADO, CUALQUIER USUARIO DEL ABONADO O CUALQUIER OTRO TERCERO O PERSONA, O DEBIDO A LA FALLA O MAL FUNCIONAMIENTO DEL EQUIPO O LAS INSTALACIONES PROPORCIONADOS POR EL ABONADO O EL USUARIO, O DEBIDO AL INCUMPLIMIENTO POR PARTE DEL ABONADO DE CUALQUIER OBLIGACIÓN ESTABLECIDA EN ESTE ACUERDO.
EL PROVEEDOR O LOS PROVEEDORES DE SERVICIOS MÓVILES DE SPECTRUM NO TENDRÁN NINGÚN TIPO DE RESPONSABILIDAD POR PÉRDIDAS, RECLAMACIONES O DEMANDAS DEL ABONADO, LO QUE INCLUYE A MODO ENUNCIATIVO PERO NO LIMITATIVO, FALLA O INTERRUPCIÓN DEL SERVICIO MÓVIL PROVISTO AQUÍ, INDEPENDIENTEMENTE DE LA FORMA DE ACCIÓN, YA SEA POR CONTRATO, AGRAVIO O DE OTRO MODO.
EL ABONADO NO SE CONSIDERARÁ UNA TERCERA PARTE BENEFICIARIA DE NINGÚN CONTRATO ENTRE SPECTRUM Y LOS PROVEEDORES DEL SERVICIO MÓVIL DE SPECTRUM.
20.
Descargo de Responsabilidad de Garantías: SALVO POR CUALQUIER GARANTÍA ESCRITA QUE PUEDA SUMINISTRARSE CON UN DISPOSITIVO QUE EL ABONADO COMPRÓ A SPECTRUM, Y EN LA MEDIDA EN QUE LA LEY LO PERMITA, LOS DISPOSITIVOS Y EL SERVICIO MÓVIL DEL ABONADO SE BRINDAN “TAL COMO ESTÁN” Y SPECTRUM NO DECLARA NI GARANTIZA, DE MANERA EXPRESA O IMPLÍCITA, LO QUE INCLUYE TODA GARANTÍA IMPLÍCITA DE COMERCIABILIDAD O ADECUACIÓN PARA UN FIN PARTICULAR, EL ACCESO A SERVICIO MÓVIL, A DISPOSITIVOS O A APLICACIONES A TRAVÉS DEL DISPOSITIVO DEL ABONADO.
SPECTRUM NO GARANTIZA QUE EL DISPOSITIVO O EL SERVICIO MÓVIL DEL ABONADO FUNCIONARÁN PERFECTAMENTE O QUE NO TENDRÁN INTERRUPCIONES O VIRUS.
SPECTRUM NO GARANTIZA QUE EL DISPOSITIVO DEL ABONADO NO NECESITARÁ ACTUALIZACIONES O MODIFICACIONES OCASIONALES, O QUE NO SE VERÁ AFECTADO NEGATIVAMENTE POR MODIFICACIONES, ACTUALIZACIONES O ACTIVIDADES SIMILARES RELACIONADAS CON LA RED.
SPECTRUM NO GARANTIZA QUE LOS CORREOS DE VOZ, LOS MENSAJES O CUALQUIER OTRA INFORMACIÓN (LO QUE INCLUYE VIDEOS E IMÁGENES) SE CONSERVARÁN SI SPECTRUM BRINDA SERVICIOS AL DISPOSITIVO DEL ABONADO.
SPECTRUM NO GARANTIZA QUE LAS COMUNICACIONES DEL ABONADO SERÁN PRIVADAS O SEGURAS.
ES ILEGAL QUE PERSONAS NO AUTORIZADAS INTERCEPTEN LAS COMUNICACIONES DEL ABONADO, PERO ESAS INTERCEPCIONES PUEDEN OCURRIR Y SPECTRUM NO TIENE NINGUNA RESPONSABILIDAD POR ESE TIPO DE HECHOS.
21.
Propiedad Intelectual: El Abonado debe respetar los derechos de propiedad intelectual de Spectrum, los terceros que proveen Contenido y cualquier otro propietario de derechos intelectuales cuya propiedad protegida pueda aparecer en cualquier sitio web y/o cuadro de diálogo controlado por Spectrum o al que se accede a través de sitios web de Spectrum.
La propiedad intelectual de Spectrum y los documentos relacionados están protegidos por leyes de marca registrada, de derechos de autor o de propiedad intelectual, y por disposiciones de tratados internacionales.
Todos los sitios web, nombres corporativos, marcas de servicio, marcas registradas, nombres comerciales, logotipos y nombres de dominio (en forma conjunta “Marcas”) de Spectrum y sus filiales son y seguirán siendo propiedad exclusiva de Spectrum y de sus filiales.
Nada en este Acuerdo otorgará al Abonado el derecho o la licencia para usar alguna de las Marcas.
22.
Totalidad del acuerdo: Este Acuerdo se publicará junto con las Condiciones del Servicio que rigen el uso por parte de los Abonados del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum en espanol.spectrum.compolicies/mobile-terms en la sección “Condiciones del Servicio/Políticas” y son los únicos términos y condiciones que rigen el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum.
Ningún convenio, declaración o garantía ofrecidos por un agente o representante de Spectrum en relación con la venta, la instalación, el mantenimiento o la eliminación del Servicio Móvil modificarán o enmendarán este Acuerdo ni las Condiciones del servicio.
23.
Idioma inglés: La versión original de este Acuerdo está redactada en idioma inglés.
Si surge una discrepancia o un conflicto entre la versión en inglés y la versión en cualquier otro idioma, estos se resolverán teniendo en cuenta la interpretación de la versión en inglés.
<p> SERVICIO MÓVIL RESIDENCIAL DE SPECTRUM DIVULGACIONES DEL ANCHO DE BANDA</p> El servicio de acceso a Internet de banda ancha móvil residencial de Spectrum de Charter ("Servicio Móvil de Spectrum", "Servicio" o "Spectrum") utiliza la red del servicio de acceso a Internet de banda ancha móvil de nuestro(s) socio(s) de red móvil ("MNP", por sus siglas en inglés) y está sujeto a sus prácticas y controles de administración de la red.
Las siguientes divulgaciones reflejan, cuando corresponda, esas prácticas y controles.
Estas divulgaciones no describen las prácticas, las características o los términos que se aplican cuando nuestros clientes usan el servicio de roaming en redes móviles que no sean las de nuestro MNP.
Para adquirir el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum, el Abonado debe ser un cliente actual de Spectrum Internet o debe comprar Spectrum Internet en el momento de la adquisición del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum.
Mientras el Abonado siga siendo cliente de Spectrum Internet, tendrá acceso a hotspots WiFi de Spectrum.
Prácticas de red Los siguientes puntos brindan un resumen de las prácticas de red aplicables al Servicio Móvil de Spectrum.
• Bloqueo El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum no bloquea ni evita el acceso del usuario final a contenido legal, aplicaciones, servicios o dispositivos no nocivos.
El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum participa en prácticas razonables de administración de la red que se describen a continuación.
• Variación El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum no deteriora ni daña el acceso al tráfico legal de Internet con base en el contenido, la aplicación, el servicio, el usuario o la utilización de un dispositivo no nocivo.
El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum realiza prácticas de administración de la red razonables que se describen a continuación, incluyendo limitar la reproducción de video a calidad de DVD (generalmente 480p) para clientes que usan la red de nuestro MNP.
• Priorización de afiliados El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum no favorece de manera directa o indirecta a parte del tráfico sobre otro tráfico, incluso mediante el uso de técnicas como modelado del tráfico, priorización o reserva de recursos, para beneficiar a un afiliado.
• Priorización pagada El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum no favorece de manera directa o indirecta a parte del tráfico sobre otro tráfico, incluso mediante el uso de técnicas como modelado del tráfico, priorización o reserva de recursos, a cambio de consideración, compensación monetaria o de otro tipo.
• Administración de la congestión En la red móvil.
El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum se esfuerza por ofrecer a sus clientes la mejor experiencia cuando utilizan la red de nuestro MNP.
Sin embargo, la experiencia de un usuario individual variará según muchos factores, incluyendo la red de MNP (3G Ev-DO o 4G LTE) que el cliente esté utilizando y el dispositivo móvil ("dispositivo") en uso.
Nuestro MNP usa tecnologías de optimización y transcodificación en las redes 3G Ev-DO y 4G LTE para transmitir archivos de datos de manera más eficiente para permitir que la capacidad de red disponible beneficie a la mayor cantidad de usuarios.
Estas técnicas incluyen menos almacenamiento en cache de datos, usar menos capacidad y ajustar el tamaño de los archivos de video de manera más apropiada para los dispositivos móviles.
Estas técnicas son independientes del contenido en sí y del sitio web que lo proporciona.
Si bien estas técnicas pretenden evitar cambios en archivos de texto, imágenes y video, y aunque es probable que el cliente no pueda detectar cambios en el archivo, el proceso de optimización puede tener un impacto mínimo en la apariencia del archivo tal como se muestra en el dispositivo móvil del cliente.
En WiFi.
Cuando los clientes del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum se conectan a través de WiFi, las prácticas de administración de la congestión aplicables a esa conexión variarán según el proveedor de servicio de Internet ("ISP").
En los hotspots WiFi de Spectrum fuera del hogar, Spectrum utiliza prácticas razonables de administración de la red que cumplen con las normas de la industria.
Puede obtener información adicional sobre las prácticas de Spectrum en cuanto a la administración de la congestión aquí.
Spectrum no es responsable de las técnicas de administración de la congestión que usan otros ISP para sus redes WiFi.
Si su dispositivo se conecta con la red WiFi de otro ISP, debe consultar las condiciones del servicio y divulgaciones del ancho de banda de ese proveedor para obtener información sobre sus prácticas.
Las técnicas de optimización y transcodificación descritas anteriormente en el punto En la red móvil no se aplican cuando un dispositivo está utilizando WiFi de Spectrum (y no pueden ser utilizados por otros proveedores de servicios WiFi) para transmitir datos y, por lo tanto, los archivos de texto, imágenes y video se transmitirán por WiFi a la resolución nativa.
Roaming.
Para aquellas áreas geográficas que no cuentan con servicios de red móvil administrados por y de propiedad de nuestros MNP, los MNP celebran acuerdos con otros proveedores de red móvil.
El uso de dispositivos de los clientes para acceder a datos a través de las redes de otro proveedor, tanto nacionales como internacionales, se denomina uso de "roaming".
Nuestra capacidad para hacer que los servicios estén disponibles para los clientes en estas otras redes móviles se basa en una variedad de factores dinámicos, que incluyen consideraciones comerciales, los términos de los acuerdos que nuestros MNP tienen en un momento determinado con otros proveedores de redes móviles, la tecnología de la red, la(s) frecuencia(s) y la funcionalidad de esas redes.
El uso del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum en roaming depende del soporte para la funcionalidad y la tecnología de red aplicables del proveedor de roaming.
Consulte con proveedores de redes de roaming de forma individual para conocer detalles de compatibilidad y cobertura.
Los dispositivos pueden transmitir y recibir mensajes de datos sin la intervención del usuario y pueden generar cargos inesperados cuando están "encendidos" fuera de los Estados Unidos, Puerto Rico y las Islas Vírgenes de EE.
UU.
Algunos países y/o proveedores dentro de una zona con servicio de roaming pueden no estar disponibles durante el roaming.
No garantizamos la disponibilidad, calidad de cobertura o velocidad de los servicios de roaming a los que se accede a través de otras redes de proveedores de redes móviles y podemos reducir las velocidades a 2G o suspender el servicio de roaming disponible en estas redes en cualquier momento sin previo aviso.
• Conducta específica de cada aplicación Puede acceder a cualquier aplicación legal para usar en el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum, sujeta a nuestros Términos y Condiciones Generales del Servicio Residencial, Prácticas de Administración de la Red, Acuerdo de Servicios Móviles Residenciales de Spectrum y la Política de Privacidad tratados en estas divulgaciones.
Spectrum se reserva el derecho de intervenir en todo momento para proteger la integridad de sus servicios, incluyendo el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum, y la red.
Si bien Spectrum no favorece a ciertos sitios web o aplicaciones de Internet al bloquear, reducir la velocidad o modificar protocolos particulares, puertos de protocolo o campos de protocolo en formas no establecidas por las normas de protocolo, podemos evitar el uso de ciertos puertos en nuestro servicio WiFi de Spectrum que se utilizan comúnmente para propagar malware y participar en otras actividades maliciosas.
• Normas para dispositivos accesorios Puede activar dispositivos que Charter ha certificado que son compatibles con su red, incluidos los dispositivos que no se compraron directamente a Charter.
Aquí está disponible una herramienta para comprobar si su dispositivo actual está aprobado para su uso en nuestra red.
Puede encontrar información sobre cómo obtener un dispositivo móvil, incluyendo la lista de dispositivos móviles aprobados y sus precios, aquí.
Según la capacidad de su dispositivo móvil, está permitido usar el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum para crear un hotspot móvil a fin de conectarse con otros dispositivos conforme a los términos, las condiciones y las opciones de precios de datos de su Servicio Móvil de Spectrum (consulte las Condiciones comerciales a continuación) y sujeto a las prácticas y los controles de administración de la red de nuestros MNP.
• Seguridad Spectrum reconoce que una red confiable debe ser, entre otras cosas, una red segura.
Nosotros, junto con nuestro MNP, trabajamos para proteger la red contra ataques externos, alteraciones, actividad maliciosa y eventos de red que de alguna manera puedan interrumpir o deteriorar la capacidad de los clientes del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum para usar la red.
Nuestro MNP bloquea una cantidad limitada de direcciones de Internet que son disruptivas o maliciosas y generalmente persistentes, con base en el análisis y la inteligencia de terceros.
Nuestro MNP no bloquea los sitios por el contenido o el tema, a menos que la dirección de Internet aloje contenido ilegal.
Nuestro MNP revisa y modifica regularmente la lista de direcciones de Internet bloqueadas, eliminando cualquiera que ya no se percibe como una amenaza.
Características de rendimiento • Descripción del servicio En la red móvil.
El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum ofrece a sus clientes servicios de acceso a Internet de banda ancha móvil a través de redes de banda ancha móvil 3G Ev-DO y 4G LTE.
Según pruebas internas y pruebas solicitadas a proveedores externos de nuestro MNP, Spectrum espera que los clientes cuenten con las siguientes velocidades en el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum: • Red 4G LTE: velocidad de descarga normal de 5-12 megabits por segundo (Mbps) y velocidad de carga de 2-5 Mbps.
• Red 3G Ev-DO: velocidad de descarga normal de 600 kilobits por segundo (Kbps)-1.4 Mbps y velocidad de carga de 500-800 Kbps para dispositivos Ev-DO Rev.
A (si utiliza un dispositivo Ev-DO Rev.
0, la velocidad de descarga normal es de 400-700 Kbps y de carga 60-80 Kbps).
La reproducción de video con calidad de DVD admite velocidad 4G (generalmente, el video se reproduce en 480p).
Con respecto a la latencia en el uso de aplicaciones con datos en tiempo real, nuestro MNP espera que la latencia de red a dispositivo móvil (y viceversa) sea inferior a 100 milisegundos (ms) en la red 4G de nuestro MNP y menos de 240 ms en su red 3G Ev -DO.
La latencia es el tiempo de demora en la transmisión o recepción de paquetes en una red.
La latencia es principalmente una función de la distancia entre dos puntos en la transmisión, pero también puede verse afectada por la cantidad y la calidad de las conexiones a la red o redes utilizadas en la transmisión.
Actualmente, nuestro MNP no informa datos de pérdida de paquetes, por lo que el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum no tiene la capacidad técnica de medir la pérdida de paquetes en la red.
La pérdida de paquetes es el porcentaje de paquetes que envía el origen pero no los recibe el destino.
Esto a veces se debe a la congestión a lo largo de la ruta pero también puede reflejar un deterioro en la red.
Debe usar un dispositivo móvil 4G LTE y estar en el área de cobertura 4G LTE de nuestro MNP para acceder a su red 4G LTE.
Debe usar un dispositivo móvil que admita 3G Ev-DO y estar en el área de cobertura 3G Ev-DO de nuestro MNP para acceder a su red 3G Ev-DO.
Para obtener información sobre la cobertura 4G y 3G, haga clic aquí.
Los clientes con dispositivos 4G LTE tendrán acceso a la red 3G Ev-DO donde esté disponible fuera del área de cobertura 4G LTE.
Las velocidades reales que experimente en la red de nuestro MNP dependerán de muchos factores, incluidos, entre otros, el tipo de dispositivo móvil, los programas que se ejecutan en el dispositivo móvil, su ubicación y cuántos otros clientes están intentando utilizar los mismos recursos del espectro (incluyendo el acceso a Internet de banda ancha móvil y otros servicios de acceso a Internet sin banda ancha que comparten la red).
En WiFi de Spectrum.
Los resultados anteriores no reflejan el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum experimentado por los clientes conectados a hotspots WiFi de Spectrum fuera del hogar (o la red WiFi de su hogar que está conectada a su servicio Spectrum Internet).
El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum se puede conectar automáticamente a hotspots WiFi de Spectrum (o la red WiFi de su hogar que está conectada a su servicio Spectrum Internet) cuando esté disponible a menos que el cliente cambie la configuración del dispositivo móvil para inhabilitar dicha funcionalidad.
El rendimiento en cualquier red WiFi, incluyendo hotspots WiFi de Spectrum fuera del hogar, puede variar en función de varios factores, tales como, aunque no exclusivamente, la cantidad de otros abonados que intentan usar el mismo enrutador WiFi al mismo tiempo, su dispositivo móvil, su antena de recepción WiFi, su distancia hasta el enrutador WiFi, la atenuación de las paredes y el follaje, y la interferencia de otros dispositivos móviles que utilizan el mismo espectro.
WiFi usa el espectro que la FCC ha asignado para el uso "sin licencia", lo que significa que el uso de este espectro no está protegido de la interferencia de otros dispositivos móviles que usan el mismo espectro en la misma área geográfica.
Por lo tanto, los hotspots Wi-Fi de Spectrum fuera del hogar, así como cualquier conexión WiFi a través del servicio Spectrum Internet de su hogar, se brindan haciendo los "mejores esfuerzos".
Cuando no esté conectado a hotspots Wi-Fi de Spectrum fuera del hogar (o la red WiFi de su hogar que está conectada a su servicio Spectrum Internet), el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum intentará conectarse a través de la red del servicio de acceso a Internet de banda ancha móvil de nuestro MNP.
Puede encontrar información adicional sobre WiFi de Spectrum en nuestras Prácticas de Administración de la Red, nuestra Política de Uso Autorizado de Internet y el Acuerdo del Servicio de Internet Residencial, cada uno de los cuales está incorporado en nuestros Términos y Condiciones Generales del Servicio Residencial.
• Otros servicios en la red El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum usa la red del servicio de acceso a Internet de banda ancha móvil de nuestro MNP y comparte esa red con esos servicios y otros servicios de acceso a Internet sin banda ancha que ofrece nuestro MNP.
Al acceder al Servicio Móvil de Spectrum a través de un punto de acceso WiFi de Spectrum, se ofrecerá un servicio de acceso a Internet de banda ancha y un servicio de Voz sobre WiFi a través del punto de acceso.
Al acceder al Servicio Móvil de Spectrum a través de otra red WiFi, los usuarios pueden compartir esas redes WiFi con otros servicios que Spectrum no conoce ni administra.
Como tal, el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum no puede predecir otros servicios que pueden compartir la red WiFi.
Condiciones comerciales • Precios, uso de datos y otros cargos El servicio no está disponible en todas las áreas.
Debe ser un cliente del servicio Spectrum Internet para suscribirse inicialmente al Servicio Móvil de Spectrum.
Como cliente del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum puede ser elegible para hasta 5 líneas (incluyendo tablets, si se suscribe a un plan de datos para tablet) según su calificación crediticia.
Los nuevos clientes de Spectrum Internet con menos de 30 días de servicio están limitados a 2 líneas (incluyendo tablets).
Durante la compra, en su pedido se cobrará un cargo por activación único de $10 por línea (o tablet).
El Servicio Móvil de Spectrum actualmente ofrece dos opciones de precios para la adquisición de datos.
By the Gig.
Con la opción de datos "By the Gig", se le cobrará $14.00 por mes por adelantado por cada línea de servicio (las tarifas promocionales pueden variar).
Cada línea recibirá un gigabyte (GB) de datos que se pueden compartir entre todas las líneas By the Gig en la misma cuenta.
Si las líneas By the Gig de la cuenta superan en forma colectiva la asignación inicial de datos de 1 GB por línea, se agrega automáticamente un GB adicional de datos compartidos a la cuenta y usted pagará $14.00 adicionales por GB, ya sea que use el gigabyte completo o no.
Por ejemplo, si una cuenta con una sola línea utiliza 1.2 GB de datos durante un ciclo de facturación, al abonado se le facturará un uso de 2 GB de datos para ese ciclo de facturación.
De la misma manera, si una cuenta con una sola línea utiliza en conjunto 3.2 GB de datos durante un ciclo de facturación, incluso si una o dos de las líneas usa menos de 1 GB, al abonado se le facturará un GB adicional para ese ciclo de facturación.
Si desea usar una tablet con su Servicio Móvil de Spectrum con By the Gig, debe comprar un plan "By the Gig Tablet" incluso si también tiene el plan By the Gig para su smartphone u otros dispositivos.
Con la opción de datos "By the Gig Tablet", se le cobrarán $ 14.00 por mes por adelantado por cada tablet (las tarifas promocionales pueden variar) y obtendrá un gigabyte (GB) por línea de datos compartibles para usar entre todos los dispositivos con By the Gig Tablet y cualquier smartphone con línea By the Gig en la misma cuenta.
Si usa más de su asignación de datos inicial, si hubiere, de 1 GB por tablet y su asignación inicial de 1 GB por línea entre todas sus tablets y líneas, entonces pagará $14.00 adicionales por gigabyte, o gigabytes parciales, por cuenta en su próxima factura.
Ilimitados.
La opción datos "ilimitados" proporciona datos ilimitados a una tarifa mensual regular de $45.00 por línea (las tarifas promocionales pueden variar), con velocidades reducidas a 1 Mbps de descarga y 512 Kbps de carga después de 20 gigabytes (GB) de uso de datos en un mes entre todos los smartphones u otros dispositivos que usen la misma línea.
A estas velocidades, la funcionalidad de algunas aplicaciones de datos como la reproducción de video o audio puede verse afectada.
Si desea usar una tablet con su Servicio Móvil de Spectrum de manera ilimitada, debe comprar un plan "Unlimited Tablet" incluso si también tiene un plan ilimitado para su smartphone u otros dispositivos.
La opción de datos "Unlimited Tablet" proporciona datos ilimitados a una tarifa mensual regular de $45.00 por tablet (las tarifas promocionales pueden variar), con velocidades reducidas a 1 Mbps de descarga y 512 Kbps de carga después de 20 gigabytes (GB) de uso de datos en la tablet en un mes.
A estas velocidades, la funcionalidad de algunas aplicaciones de datos como la reproducción de video o audio puede verse afectada.
Puede alternar entre las opciones By the Gig y datos ilimitados.
Puede encontrar más información sobre cómo cambiar entre estas opciones aquí.
Uso de hotspot móvil.
No hay cargos adicionales por usar su teléfono o tablet como un hotspot móvil.
Los datos usados como un hotspot móvil se contabilizarán en sus cargos de datos para el ciclo de facturación.
Los planes ilimitados incluyen hasta 5 GB de uso de hotspot móvil por línea durante un ciclo de facturación, con velocidades reducidas a 600 Kbps para uso de hotspot móvil después de 5 GB para el resto del ciclo de facturación de esa línea.
Tarifas y cargos adicionales.
El equipo, los impuestos, las tarifas, incluidas las tarifas de recuperación regulatorias, los recargos y otros cargos aplicables son adicionales y están sujetos a cambios.
Cargo adicional por desconectar otros servicios de Spectrum.
A los clientes del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum que desconecten todos sus servicios de Spectrum se les cobrará un cargo adicional de $20.00 por mes, por línea.
Dichos clientes podrán acceder a hotspots Wi-Fi de Spectrum fuera del hogar pero la velocidad de Wi-Fi de Spectrum se limitará a 5 Mbps.
Para obtener información detallada sobre precios, promociones y tarifas del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum, visite la página web del servicio móvil de Spectrum.
Puede encontrar más información sobre las opciones de datos del Servicio Móvil de Spectrum aquí.
El precio está sujeto a cambios.
• Políticas de privacidad Las políticas de privacidad de Spectrum con respecto al Servicio Móvil de Spectrum se explican en nuestras políticas de privacidad que puede ver aquí.
Opciones de rectificación Si tiene preguntas sobre estas divulgaciones, no puede encontrar lo que busca o tiene alguna otra inquietud sobre el Servicio Móvil de Spectrum, llame a servicio al cliente al (833) 224-6603.
Voice Service Price Guides
<p>Charter/Spectrum Voice Price Guide (Español)  | Time Warner Cable® Voice Price Guide (Español)  | Bright House Voice Price Guide (Español)</p> About Spectrum + <ul>
<li> Spectrum Business </li>
<li> Spectrum Enterprise Solutions </li>
<li> Spectrum.net </li>
<li> Spectrum Reach </li>
<li> Spectrum en Español </li>
<li> Spectrum Community Solutions </li>
<li> Retail Partner Program </li>
<li> Spectrum Internet Assist </li>
</ul> Shop Spectrum + <ul>
<li> Spectrum Select </li>
<li> Spectrum Silver </li>
<li> Spectrum Gold </li>
<li> Spectrum TV </li>
<li> Spectrum Internet </li>
<li> Spectrum Voice </li>
<li> Mi Plan Latino </li>
<li>
</li>
<li> Spectrum Sports Networks </li>
<li> Spectrum Premium Channels </li>
</ul> Explore Spectrum + <ul>
<li> Why Spectrum </li>
<li> Moving? </li>
<li> Spectrum WiFi Hotspots </li>
<li> Spectrum TV App </li>
<li> Channel Lineup </li>
<li> Security Suite </li>
<li> Test Your Internet Speed </li>
<li> Spectrum Contract Buyout </li>
<li> Spectrum Originals </li>
</ul> Customer Service + <ul>
<li> Manage Account </li>
<li> Pay My Bill </li>
<li> Weather Outages </li>
<li> Support </li>
<li> Contact Us </li>
<li> Find a Store Location </li>
</ul> Search Services by State+ Search for Services in Your Area      Select StateAlabama Arizona California Colorado Connecticut Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina Ohio Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Wisconsin Wyoming <p>
</p>
<ul>
<li> About Charter </li>
<li> Investor Relations </li>
<li> Newsroom </li>
<li> Community Impact </li>
<li> Careers </li>
<li> Your Privacy Rights </li>
<li> Terms of Service/Policies </li>
<li> IP Interconnection </li>
<li> FCC Public Inspection File </li>
<li> Service Rates &amp.
Disclosures </li>
<li> Rural Carrier Call Completion </li>
<li> Accessibility </li>
</ul>
<p>Not all products, pricing, and services are available in all areas.
Pricing and actual speeds may vary.
Internet speed based on wired connection.
Restrictions apply.</p>
<p>© 2019 Charter Communications.
All rights reserved.</p> ✓Verify
