 Home Search Jobs Submit Resume My Monster Career Center Advanced Job Search Jobs By Function Jobs By Industry Jobs By CompanyMonster on MobileSearch Tips Edit/View Resume My Applications Job Agent Privacy Plus Subscriptions Check your inbox to know about employers who showed interest in your profile See the names of companies who view your resume, Consider your resume and Contacted with you.
Go there » Seeker Services Career Advice- Interview Center- Life At Work- Resume Center- Salary Center- Upcoming Job Trends- Self Improvement Tips- New Career Options- Expert's Advice Stand out from the job searching crowd with a unique combination of skills, experience, attributes and career advice from Monster India.
Monster helps you formulate better career decisions by offering numerous career tips for a successful job interview, resume creation, salary and much more.
In addition, we have recently introduced interesting and informative sections like 'Upcoming Job Trends', 'New Career Options', 'Self improvement Tips' and 'Expert Advice' to help you stay in step with job trends and accelerate your self-learning.
read more» Join Us or Sign In Employers Login here Post Jobs Search Resumes Buy Online Contact Us Exp (yrs)012345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293030 &gt; About Our Site : About Monster  |  Privacy Commitment  |  BeSafe  |  Terms of Use Get Monster Privacy Commitment Monster.
s Privacy Commitment .
Overview Monster is committed to protecting the privacy of our users.
We want to provide a safe, secure user experience.
The following statement explains Monster's commitment to managing your personal information and sets out how and when personal information is collected, held, used or disclosed.
This Privacy Commitment only applies to data gathered on the Monster web site (the "Web Site"), and does not apply to any other information or web site.
The information we gather on the Web Site may be shared with any of the Monster-affiliated companies on a worldwide basis in order to deliver the products and services we offer to employers such as searches for job seekers or in order to undertake analysis of our database such as aggregate profiling of our registered users.
In this Privacy Commitment, "affiliated companies" shall mean entities that control, are controlled by or are under common control with Monster, Inc.
The Web Site contains links to other web sites over which we have no control.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other web sites to which you choose to link from our Web Site.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other web sites so that you can understand how they collect, use and share your information.
Information About All Monster Visitors We gather information about all of our users collectively, such as what areas users visit most frequently and what services users access the most.
We only use such data anonymously and in the aggregate.
This information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for you.
We may share this information with our partners, but only in the aggregate, so that they too may understand how Monster visitors use our Web Site, and also create a better overall experience for you.
We do not disclose information about your individual visits to Monster to any outside parties, except when to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations or in legal proceedings when such information is relevant.
Information About You Specifically Monster is a career site, we retain your personal information to assist in your career performance or management including finding or retaining work; or to facilitate other services to or by us.
For example, when you sign up to use a service, enter into a contest, or purchase a product, we collect more specific personal information about you, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, credit card number, qualifications or career history.
If you choose to do so we may also retain sensitive information about you such as information about your membership in a professional or trade association or trade union.
We may also ask you for other information, such as information on your interests, your likes and dislikes regarding the Web Site, the types of jobs you are interested in, etc.
, in an effort to deliver to you the best possible Web Site experience.
When you grant us your permission, we will communicate with you regularly with tips, advice and survey information on using the Monster Web Site to maximise your career development.
Monster also provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of these types of communications.
If you choose to receive these types of communications at the time of registration, but later decide you no longer want to receive them, simply log in to your My Monster account and edit your account profile.
If you input your information on a co-branded registration page, such as that of a Monster and partner company-sponsored contest, then your information will be collected, used and becomes the property of both Monster and the partner co-sponsoring the contest.
In that instance, Monster is not responsible for the information that the partner company receives or how it is used.
In addition, we may indirectly collect information about you when you use certain third party services available on the Web Site.
For example, if you register on Monster by using your Microsoft Passport user name and password, you authorise us to have access to and store the information in your Passport account profile; such information will be subject to, and treated in accordance with, the policies and practices described in this Privacy Commitment.
If you do not provide us with the information sought in the required fields Monster may be limited in its ability to provide you with services.
Use and Disclosure of the Information We Collect We use the information we gather on the Web Site, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purposes of operating and improving the Web Site, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services that we offer.
If you have provided consent for us to do so, we may also use the information we gather to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliated companies or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered.
We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the Web Site to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered.
We may also provide additional communications, promotions and information on new Monster opportunities and additional job postings which may be of interest to you.
The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you.
In addition, at the time of registration for an account, you have the option to elect or not elect to receive additional communications, information and promotions, including without limitation, free informational newsletters from us relating to topics that may be of special interest to you, such as career management advice.
Monster cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Commitment.
Therefore, although we are committed to protecting your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
As a user of the Web Site, you understand and agree that you assume all responsibility and risk for your use of the Web Site, the internet generally, and the documents you post or access and for your conduct on and off the Web Site.
Choices regarding the disclosure of personal information to others We disclose your resume to employers who have posted job opportunities that may be of interest to you on the Web Site when you apply for those jobs.
  We disclose information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure.
For example, if you indicate that you would like to receive information about the opportunities, products or services of third parties at the time you register for a Monster account, we supply your contact information to third parties such as employers, recruiters, data aggregators, marketers or others for the purpose of sending you e-mail or otherwise communicating with you.
We use data we have about you (such as the interests and preferences you have expressed) to determine whether you might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular third-party.
  We disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples include hosting our web servers, data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.
These companies and individuals will have access to your personal information as may necessary to perform their functions, but they may not share that information with any other third party.
  We disclose information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.
  We disclose and transfer information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of our business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets.
In addition, in the event we become the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, we or our trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court.
You will be notified of sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party via e-mail or through a prominent notice posted on the Web Site.
Resumes We give you the option of putting your resume in our database.
There are two ways of doing this: You can store your resume in our database, but not allow it to be searchable by potential employers or recruiters.
Not allowing your resume to be searchable means that you can use it to apply for a job online, but employers and recruiters will not have access to search it through our resume database product.
  You can allow your resume to be searchable by employers, recruiters, hiring managers, headhunters, and human resource professionals who pay for access to our resume database and your resume.
When you opt to make your resume searchable, you still have the choice to make your personal details confidential where all of your contact information and even your current place of employment can remain hidden.
We use our best efforts to restrict access to our database only to those who have paid for access; these parties may retain a copy of your resume in their own files or databases.
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that parties other than those mentioned above will not, without our consent, gain access to this database.
However Monster is not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of resumes by any third parties.
You agree that we may share your information with our affiliated companies.
You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time.
Updating Account Information We wish to ensure your personal information is complete, accurate and up to date.
Monster allows you to change or correct your personal information at any time.
To do so, simply log into your My Monster account, and you will find options for editing the information you have submitted.
Access to Personal Information You can gain access to the personal information you have provided by visiting our Web Site.
If you need assistance to log in you can contact us by calling +852 2114 5022 or emailing info@monster.
com.
sg.
If you have not accessed your resume for some time we may also contact you to check your information is still correct.
A request for access to the personal information we hold about you, or in relation to an inquiry about privacy, should be sent to info@monster.
com.
sg for the attention of the relevant officer.
We retain indefinitely all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use of the Web Site more efficient, practical and relevant.
You can delete your resume from Monster's online database, close your account at any time in which event we will remove all our copies of your resume and your account information from the Web Site, except for an archival copy which is not accessible on the internet.
Online Security If you are buying a product from Monster via the Web Site, your personal details and credit card information are scrambled using Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") encryption technology before being sent over the Internet.
SSL makes it very difficult for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred.
However, we cannot guarantee encryption or the privacy of your personal details and credit card information.
When we receive your order, it is kept encrypted until we are ready to process it.
We will take reasonable steps to keep the information you provide us with secure.
Monster Database The information you provide is stored on the Monster database.
To provide you with the highest quality service the Monster database is located in India.
When providing information you agree this may be transferred to our overseas database.
Cookies To enhance your experience at Monster, we use a feature on your Internet browser called a "cookie".
Cookies are small files that your Web browser places on your computer's hard drive.
We use cookies for remembering user names and passwords and preferences, tracking click streams, and for load balancing.
Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster service, consistent, updated results, and a more personalised Web Site experience.
You have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies.
However, doing this will hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on our Web Site.
Feedback Monster has areas on the Web Site where you can submit feedback.
Any feedback that is submitted through this area becomes the property of Monster.
We may use this feedback at any time for any purposes, such as success stories for marketing purposes, or to contact you for further feedback on the Web Site.
Children We do not specifically collect information about children.
We believe that children should get their parents consent before giving out personal information.
If you are concerned about your child's use of Monster, we encourage you to use Web filtering technology to supervise your child's access to the Web Site.
We also encourage you to participate in your child's experience with Monster.
With a little guidance, the Web Site can prove very useful in finding a part time or summer job for your child, as well as providing them with excellent career counselling information.
Privacy Commitment Changes We may make changes to our privacy commitment from time to time, and when we make any material changes, we will post those changes on our Web Site so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
Thank you for using Monster.
We are committed to providing you with the best tools and advice to help you get ahead in your career.
We welcome your feedback and suggestions.
Please contact us by calling 1800-MON-STER (1800 666 7837) or email info@monster.
com.
sg.
For Jobs Seekers Jobs By Functions Jobs By Location About Our Site Home Search Jobs View All Jobs Monster Jobs Resume at Monster Monster on Mobile Get Jobs in Email Know About Companies My Monster Career Center Help Sales Jobs in Philippines IT Jobs in Philippines Software Jobs in Philippines Finance Jobs in Philippines Manufacturing Jobs Companies Recruitment Consulting Firm Jobs by Industry Computer Engineering Jobs BPO Jobs in Philippines RSS Feed Jobs in Hong Kong Jobs in China Jobs in Singapore Jobs in Philippines Jobs in Thailand Jobs in Vietnam Jobs in Indonesia Jobs in Malaysia Jobs in India Jobs in Gulf International Jobs Contact Us About Monster Privacy Commitment Be Safe Terms of Use Report a Bug/Abuse Complaint Add Job Search Box to Your Site Sitemap Fraud/Security Customer Speaks © 2012 Monster - All Rights Reserved - U.
S.
Patent No.
5,832,497 - NYSE: MWW Toll Free No.
: 1 80-011-101-060, Toll No.
: +91-40 66116988 or sales@monster.
com.
ph 
