 Women's Men's Apartment Sale Gifts Blog New Arrivals Online Exclusives Dresses Tops Tees &amp; Knit Tops Shirts &amp; Blouses Sweaters &amp; Cardigans Graphics Camis &amp; Tanks Hoodies &amp; Sweatshirts Coats &amp; Jackets Bottoms Jeans Pants Skirts Shorts Leggings Vintage Lounge Intimates &amp; Tights Swim Shoes Boots Heels &amp; Wedges Flats Sneakers Sandals Slippers Beauty Accessories Bags &amp; Wallets Jewelry Hats Scarves Gloves Belts Hair Accessories Sunglasses &amp; Readers Collections International Brands Fall Catalog 2012 Designed By Shop By Trend Halloween Shop Custom Tee Shop Sale Men's Catalog New Arrivals Online Exclusives Tops Graphics Tees Tanks Shirts &amp; Polos Hoodies &amp; Sweatshirts Sweaters &amp; Cardigans Coats &amp; Jackets Bottoms Jeans Pants Shorts &amp; Swim Vintage Shoes Casual Dress Sneakers Boots Slippers &amp; Sandals Accessories Bags &amp; Wallets Hats Scarves &amp; Ties Gloves Belts Jewelry &amp; Watches Sunglasses &amp; Readers Socks &amp; Underwear Grooming Collections Featured Brands Fall Catalog 2012 Halloween Shop Custom Tee Shop Sale New Arrivals Online Exclusives Bedding Duvets &amp; Quilts Blankets, Tapestries &amp; Coverlets Pillowcases &amp; Shams Bedding Basics Room Accessories Shelving &amp; Storage Room Décor Lighting &amp; Candles Jewelry Storage Hardware Rugs, Curtains, &amp; Pillows Rugs Curtains Pillows Wall Art Furniture Sofas Chairs Tables &amp; Storage Headboards Kitchen &amp; Bar Bath Holiday Cases &amp; Tech Accessories Books Notebooks &amp; Desk Supplies Cameras &amp; Film Music &amp; Electronics Vinyl &amp; Turntables Headphones Speakers &amp; Stereos Instruments Games, Toys &amp; Fun Sh!t Collections Featured Brands Shop by Room Vintage Fall Catalog 2012 Indecision 2012 Halloween Shop Build Your Own Bike Print Shop Sale Awesome F!cking Gifts Birthdays Rule Welcome Home Beauty Queen Gift Cards Women's Sale Dresses Tops Jackets &amp; Blazers Bottoms Swim &amp; Intimates Shoes Accessories Apartment Sale Men's Sale Tops Jackets &amp; Blazers Bottoms Shoes Accessories Stock Up Women's Men's Apartment New Arrivals Online Exclusives Dresses Tops Coats &amp; Jackets Bottoms Vintage Lounge Intimates &amp; Tights Swim Shoes Beauty Accessories Collections International Brands Fall Catalog 2012 Designed By Shop By Trend Halloween Shop Custom Tee Shop Sale Men's Catalog New Arrivals Online Exclusives Tops Coats &amp; Jackets Bottoms Vintage Shoes Accessories Collections Featured Brands Fall Catalog 2012 Halloween Shop Custom Tee Shop Sale New Arrivals Online Exclusives Bedding Room Accessories Rugs, Curtains &amp; Pillows Wall Art Furniture Kitchen &amp; Bar Bath Holiday Cases &amp; Tech Accessories Books Notebooks &amp; Desk Supplies Cameras &amp; Film Music &amp; Electronics Games, Toys &amp; Fun Sh!t Collections Featured Brands Shop by Room Vintage Fall Catalog 2012 Indecision 2012 Halloween Shop Build Your Own Bike Print Shop Sale Awesome F!cking Gifts Birthdays Rule Welcome Home Beauty Queen Gift Cards Women's Sale Dresses Tops Jackets &amp; Blazers Bottoms Swim &amp; Intimates Shoes Accessories Apartment Sale Men's Sale Tops Jackets &amp; Blazers Bottoms Shoes Accessories Stock Up Women's Men's Apartment Home Help Privacy Policy What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It? UrbanOutfitters.
com collects customer information in an effort to improve our customer's shopping experience and to communicate with our customers about our products, services and promotions.
We collect information such as your name, e-mail and postal address and credit card numbers, that you provide to us when you place an order, when you save your information with us or when you participate in a sweepstakes, promotion or survey.
UrbanOutfitters.
com may use your information collected online to process and fulfill your order.
We also collect e-mail addresses at various locations within the site including when you order from the site so that we can send you any necessary e-mail messages related to your order - such as an order confirmation notice.
In addition, we maintain a record of your product interests, purchases and whatever else might enable us to enhance and personalize your shopping experience.
We also monitor site use and traffic patterns to improve our web site design and the products and services we offer.
UrbanOutfitters.
com recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly.
To serve you better, we may combine information you give us online, in our stores or through our catalogs.
We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with select partners and others.
By combining this information we are better able to communicate with you about our products, special events and promotional purposes and to personalize your shopping experience.
Urban Outfitters will not rent or sell your e-mail address for any reason.
Urban Outfitters does share information you provide to us when you participate in a sweepstakes with those companies with whom we have joined to offer these promotions as well as other companies whose promotions we think will interest you.
We may disclose information about you to other members of the Urban Outfitters corporate family and as required by law.
In addition, we may on occasion share a portion of our postal mailing list with other reputable organizations not owned or affiliated with Urban Outfitters who want to market products or services to you.
If you do not want your name and address shared with other organizations or you no longer wish to receive Urban Outfitters catalogs, please contact us at 800-282-2200.
You may also contact us via email (please include your exact name and mailing address as shown on your catalog) at change@urbanoutfitters.
com.
You can always update or delete your personal information on our web site.
Simply click View Your Account in the menu at the top of each page on our site, log in, and you'll be able to edit or change your information.
If at any time you would like us to delete any of your personal information on file, just click here to e-mail UrbanOutfitters.
com customer service or call us at 800-282-2200.
Please be sure to include your e-mail address, full name and password.
We may also work with select partners to distribute web advertisements based on your internet browsing patterns.
These advertising companies collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site through the use of a cookie.
This technology allows them to develop our advertising so that it directly relates to offers that may be of interest to you.
If, however, you’d prefer not to receive relevant banner advertisements, you may opt out at any time by clicking here: http://www.
networkadvertising.
org/managing/opt_out.
asp .
If you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
We do not share credit card information with third parties except for the purpose of processing payment for products you've ordered and as required by law.
In addition, we may disclose credit card and other information we collect from you with an outside company with which we have contracted for their services to protect against fraud and the unauthorized use of credit and gift cards.
Business Partners We contract with an outside service called Coremetrics to help us better understand your use of UrbanOutfitters.
com.
Coremetrics places cookies on your computer to collect various kinds of information for us related to your use of UrbanOutfitters.
com, so that we may continue to refine and improve the site for our customers.
We do not allow Coremetrics to collect any credit card, user name or password information, nor are they allowed to use data that they collect for us for any other purpose.
Additionally, Coremetrics is contractually required to maintain all the information collected for us in strict confidence.
As a visitor to UrbanOutfitters.
com, you may "opt out" of Coremetrics' collection of data.
Under 13? If you are under the age of 13, you are not permitted to submit any personal information to UrbanOutfitters.
com.
UrbanOutfitters.
com is intended for users who are 13 years of age and older.
Security When ordering with us, we want our customers to feel confident that their personal information and credit card data is completely safe.
On UrbanOutfitters.
com, we employ 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology that safely encrypts all of your private information when placing an order, and guarantees it is sent securely into our systems to be processed.
Help Returns &amp; Exchanges Ordering &amp; Payment Shipping Info Gift Card Balance Size Charts Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Unsubscribe Republic Bike Print Shop Cafepress International Africa Asia Pacific Atlantic &amp; Caribbean Australia Canada Central &amp; South America Europe Middle East New Zealand Connect Store Locations Get Our Catalogs Get Our Emails UO Affiliates RSS Feeds Shopping Bag Order Status Sign-In OUR FAVORITE BRANDS BDG Kimchi Blue Silence and Noise Levi's Obey Vans Hawkings McGill Truly Madly Deeply Cheap Monday Minnetonka Jeffrey Campbell Insight EVEN MORE UO UO Catalog Daily Updates Gift Cards Email Sign-Up UO Radio URBN.
com Work at Urban Outfitters Space15Twenty FOLLOW US INFO Help Change Region Store Locations Privacy Policy Terms of Use HQ © 2012 UrbanOutfitters.
com All Rights Reserved CA Notice 1.
800.
282.
2200 We Accept: 
