 Stay Debt Free Use It Every Day Safer Than Cash Low Monthly Fee TransUnion Services Protect Your Identity Your Emergency Fund The Credit Project Teach Your Teens Financial Responsibility Add Money Shop Get Cash Pay Bills Keep Track Suze’s Advice The Approved Dashboard TransUnion Services Protect Your Identity Money Tools Pay Your Bills Share Cards Emergency Fund Share Money with Other Cardholders Suze’s Story News Privacy Agreement Contact Us The Approved Prepaid MasterCard® Already a Cardholder? Privacy Policy What does the Bancorp Bank do with your personal information? WHY? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.
Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some, but not all, sharing.
Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information.
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
WHAT? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us.
This information can include: Social Security Number and income Account balances and transaction history Credit history and credit scores When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information, as described in this notice.
HOW? All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business.
In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information, whether The Bancorp Bank shares your information, and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information Does The Bancorp Bank share? Can you limit this sharing? For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus YES NO For our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to you YES NO For joint marketing with other financial companies YES NO For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences NO We don’t share For our affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness NO We don’t share For nonaffiliates to market to you NO We don’t share What we do How does The Bancorp Bank protect my personal information? To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law.
These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We also limit access to information to those employees for whom access is necessary.
How does The Bancorp Bank collect my personal information? We collect your personal information when, for example you: open an account or apply for a loan pay your bills or make a wire transfer provide account information We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus.
Why can’t I limit all sharing? Federal law gives you the right to limit only: sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions Affiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control.
They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
The Bancorp Bank has no affiliates with which it shares your personal information.
Nonaffiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control.
They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
The Bancorp Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners may include other financial services companies.
Suze’s Story   |   News   |   Privacy Policy   |   Cardholder Agreement   |   Contact Us   |   SuzeOrman.
com * Subject to mandatory identification confirmation as required by the USA PATRIOT Act.
The USA PATRIOT Act is a federal law that requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens a card account.
What this means for you: When you open a card account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth and other information that will allow us to reasonably identify you.
We may also ask to see your driver’s license or other identifying documents at any time.
The Approved Prepaid MasterCard is issued by The Bancorp Bank pursuant to license from MasterCard International Incorporated.
This Card can be used everywhere Debit MasterCard is accepted.
The Bancorp Bank.
Member FDIC.
MasterCard is a registered trademark of MasterCard International Incorporated.
The name “The Approved Card” and the card design are trademarks of APPROVED LLC.
All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.
The Approved Prepaid MasterCard is offered exclusively by APPROVED LLC and its authorized agents and is administered by RedWage LLC.
Copyright ©2012 APPROVED LLC.
All rights reserved.
