 You seem to have disabled JavaScript.
To take full advantage of our site and functionality, we recommend you enable Javascript.
  How? Log in |Sign up Follow us Comfy, cozy baby carriers|Beautiful nurseries Mobile Apps SECTIONS Getting Pregnant Preconception Info Ovulation Calculator Due Date Calculator Baby Costs Baby Names News BabyCenter Blog Expert Answers Mom Answers Free Stuff &amp; Deals All Topics Pregnancy All Pregnancy Info Pregnancy Tools Birth Videos Photos Baby Registry Checklist Pregnancy Products Childbirth Class Milestones Mobile App News BabyCenter Blog Expert Answers Mom Answers Baby Names Pregnancy Calendar Recipes Deals for You &amp; Baby Pregnancy Topics Baby All Baby Info Baby Tools Milestones Videos Photos Baby Products News BabyCenter Blog Expert Questions Mom Answers Baby Calendar Recipes Horoscopes Birth Announcements Deals for You &amp; Baby Baby Topics Toddler All Toddler Info Toddler Tools Photos News BabyCenter Blog Toddler Products Expert Answers Mom Answers Milestones Child Height Predictor Toddler Calendar Recipes Activities Horoscopes Free Stuff &amp; Deals Toddler Topics Preschooler All Preschooler Info Preschooler Tools Photos News BabyCenter Blog Expert Answers Mom Answers Calendar Recipes Crafts Height Predictor Horoscopes Free Stuff &amp; Deals Preschooler Topics Big Kid All Big Kid Info Big Kid Tools Photos News BabyCenter Blog Expert Answers Mom Answers Recipes Crafts Height Predictor Horoscopes Free Stuff &amp; Deals Big Kid Topics For You Info For Your Family Cool Tools Games Videos Photos News BabyCenter Blog Expert Questions Mom Answers BabyCenter Books Child Costs Recipes Crafts Horoscopes Free Stuff &amp; Deals Topics For You Community Home Birth Clubs Groups Photos People Journals My Groups Blog Home Mom Stories Celebrities Life &amp; Home Products &amp; Prizes Our Bloggers Shop SHOP Shop Pregnancy Shop Baby Shop Toddler Maternity Nursery Feeding &amp; Nursing Diapers &amp; Wipes Car Seats Strollers Gear Clothing &amp; Shoes Bath &amp; Skincare Toys &amp; Books Sale Search on BabyCenter Search Upgrade your Flash Player now » Calendars &amp; More Due Date Calculator Ovulation Calculator Development Calendar Height Predictor Growth Chart Pregnancy Weight Gain Milestones Milestone Timelines Pregnancy Mobile App Baby Cost Calculator Horoscopes All tools .
.
.
Baby Names Baby Names Finder Baby Name Ideas Top Baby Names Celebrity Baby Names Make a Baby Name Poll All Baby Name Polls Choosing a Name Get Answers Is It Safe? Is It Normal? Ready or Not? All Expert Answers Mom Answers Symptom Guide Breastfeeding Problems Formula Feeding Problems News &amp; Blogs Latest News Product Recalls BabyCenter blog Mom Stories blog Celebrities blog Life &amp; Home blog Products &amp; Prizes blog Photos &amp; Videos Inside Pregnancy videos Live birth videos Breastfeeding video Diaper changing video See all videos… Fetal development photos Pregnant belly photos Magical baby photos Cute kid photos See all photos.
.
.
Favorites Is It Safe? Is It Normal? Childbirth Class Anne Geddes Gallery Ready or Not Guide Recipes Quizzes Deals, Deals, Deals! Free Stuff &amp; Great Deals Bargain Hunters group Special offer from Diapers.
com Products &amp; Gear Baby Registry Checklist All Pregnancy Products All Baby Products All Toddler Products Games advertisement Our sponsors Cord Blood Registry Diapers.
com Johnson's Baby Johnson's Natural Baby Orajel Stonyfield About BabyCenter About BabyCenter | Advisory Board | Awards | Contact Us | In the News | Jobs Management Team | Mission Statement | Press Releases | Privacy Policy Terms of Use | Terms of Use - Supplemental Privacy Policy Last Updated on June 28, 2012 Introduction and Scope In this Privacy Policy, we (BabyCenter, L.
L.
C.
, headquartered in San Francisco, California) describe how we use personally identifiable information about you that we collect through webpages at BabyCenter.
com, baby.
com, and pregnancy.
com that display a direct link to this Privacy Policy (each a "Site" and together the "Sites").
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other data, including, without limitation, data that we collect offline or data that others collect on websites that are linked to the Sites.
About Children The Sites are not intended for children under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via the Sites from visitors in this age group.
We do, however, collect information about children and babies from their parents.
We ask that our users not provide information about a baby or child without first getting the parents' consent.
We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose to Web sites.
Types of Data Collected; Collection Methods; Combination of Data You actively send information to us when you sign up with us a member on a Site, participate in surveys or promotions, post opinions on our bulletin boards, respond to us or otherwise contact us.
Depending on your choices, you may send us personally identifiable information such as your email address, name, mailing address, phone number, birthday, and gender; password; baby due date/birthday, name and gender.
But, you can also use certain features of our Sites without telling us your name and if you do not tell us who you are, we do not try to find out.
We also track information about how our Site is used by you through cookies, Internet tags or web beacons, and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, clickstream -- for more information click here).
For example, your Internet browser automatically transmits to us information such as the URL of the website you just came from and the Internet Protocol (IP) address and the browser version your computer is currently using.
To accomplish some of the foregoing data processing, we utilize independent contractors.
Click here to read about examples of some of our contractors and how we work with them.
Ad Choices The majority of advertisements on our Sites are served to you on our behalf by our third party ad serving contractor Doubleclick.
However, we do allow third parties (such as advertisers, ad agencies, and ad networks) to serve some of the advertisements on our Sites.
Please remember that BabyCenter does not have access to, or control over the placement of cookies or other tracking mechanisms that these third parties may use or the information these third parties may collect.
Such third parties may use cookies which have been placed on your computer to gather information about you and understand the types of pages visited by you and content that you view on our Sites and other websites.
These third parties may associate your browser with relevant interest categories and use these categories to show you interest-based advertisements.
For example, if you frequently visit travel websites, they may direct to you ads related to travel.
You do have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our web site.
Many, but not all, third parties engaged in interest based advertising participate in an industry wide self regulatory program which has developed consumer-friendly standards for interest based advertising.
You can opt out of interest based advertising offered by participating third parties by visiting http://www.
aboutads.
info.
With respect to third parties that do not participate in this program, they may or may not offer a mechanism for opting out of interest based advertising.
In addition to the foregoing, you can set your browser to notify you when a cookie is sent or to refuse or delete cookies altogether, but certain features of the Sites might not work without certain cookies.
If you have actively sent us your name or other personally identifiable information, we may combine such information with tracked information for the purposes set forth below.
Purposes of Data Collection We collect information about you because we want to determine what you may like or find interesting, so we can provide you with targeted information and advertising (on our Site, in newsletters, via email and otherwise).
In addition, we use data to create statistics and reports where personally identifiable information has been removed and aggregated (such that it is anonymous as regards any specific user) for various business purposes.
Click here for additional information.
Disclosure of Data We keep your personally identifiable information confidential and we generally do not disclose it.
But, please note the following clarifications and exceptions: Our employees and independent contractors have access to some of your personally identifiable information for the purpose of helping us run our business (and not for their own purposes).
They access and use such data subject to our instructions, on a "need to know" basis and under confidentiality and security obligations.
If we ever sell a Site or substantial parts of our business, we may disclose your personally identifiable information to a (prospective) buyer on the condition that such buyer agrees to comply with this Privacy Policy.
We may also share your personally identifiable information to respond to law enforcement requests, court orders or other legal process or if we believe that such disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent or respond to illegal activities, fraud, physical threats to you or others or as otherwise required by any applicable law or regulation.
Even though we do not provide any personally identifiable information about you specifically to any advertising customers, they can occasionally find out information indirectly.
For example, we frequently agree on target audiences for particular ads (for example, an advertiser may ask us to send certain information on infant safety products to parents with small children who may be particularly interested).
If you choose to respond to such targeted advertisements, the advertiser may deduce that you are a member of the target audience to whom we sent the ad.
If you sign up for our services on a third party website, such third party may know - from you - that you signed up on one or our Sites.
Before we disclose your personally identifiable data to a third party for their own business purposes (such as a survey or a sweepstake), we will first obtain your consent, for example via email, click-through, an online opportunity to opt-out or otherwise.
We may share personally identifiable information with affiliated companies.
We freely use and disclose data in anonymous form, for example, in statistics or reports to our advertising customers.
Please remember that if you post any information in areas of our Sites that are generally accessible to users, such as chat rooms and message boards, it will be available to the public.
Security We take reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
But, you should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free.
In particular, email sent to or from the Sites may not be secure.
Access and Correction; Comments and Questions Please keep your personally identifiable information, accurate, current, and complete by routinely updating your user profile.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at BabyCenter, L.
L.
C.
, Attention: Chief Privacy Officer, 163 Freelon St.
, San Francisco, CA 94107,http://www.
babycenter.
com/help-contactus.
Opt-Out, Communication Preferences You may modify your communication preferences and/or opt-out from specific communications at any time.
Please specify and adjust your preferences here.
Changes to This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 28, 2012.
We reserve the right to amend it from time to time and if we change it materially, we will post a revised version on the Sites.
Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information to us.
Terms of Use Note also that your use of the Sites is subject to our Terms of Use, which contain disclaimers, limitations of liability and a choice of California law.
Log in My Family Your Pregnancy, Week by Week Subscribe to our free email newsletters that millions of parents rave about.
Privacy Policy &amp; Terms advertisement Free Stuff &amp; Great Deals See all free stuff and fabulous deals … See more great offers from our partners … Connect with us Sign up for our weekly emails that detail your baby's development Get our FREE Apps My Pregnancy Today My Baby Today Birth Class App for iPad BabyCenter Blog Like us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest BabyCenter Community Follow us on Twitter Love us? Best Family &amp; Parenting Site Top Go-To Resource for Expecting Moms Get Help About BabyCenter, L.
L.
C.
Help Center Press Center Contact Us Site Map Membership &amp; Newsletters Newsletters Register Manage Email Subscriptions Update Account Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Our U.
S.
Sites BabyCenter BabyCenter Community BabyCenter en Español Baby.
com Pregnancy.
com BabyCenter Blog Behind the Scenes Marketing &amp; Advertising Solutions Media Kit Jobs Shop Diapers.
com Baby Registry Baby Products Britax Car Seats advertisement All contents copyright © BabyCenter LLC.
1997-2012 All rights reserved.
This Internet site provides information of a general nature and is designed for educational purposes only.
If you have any concerns about your own health or the health of your child, you should always consult with a physician or other healthcare professional.
Please review the Terms of Use before using this site.
Your use of the site indicates your agreement to be bound by the Terms of Use.
This site is published by BabyCenter, L.
L.
C.
, which is responsible for its contents as further described and qualified in the Terms of Use.
