
Terms of Service <p>Last Updated: November 19, 2013</p>
<p>Thank you for using Bitcasa! These Terms of Service (the “Terms”) govern your access to and use of the Bitcasa, Inc.
(“Bitcasa”, “we” or “our”) websites and services (the “Services”), so please carefully read them before using the Services.
By using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.
If you are using the Services on behalf of an organization, you are agreeing to these Terms for that organization and promising that you have the authority to bind that organization to these terms.
In that case, “you” and “your” will refer to that organization.</p>
<p>You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms.
You acknowledge and agree that you have the power to form a contract with Bitcasa and are not barred under any applicable laws from doing so.
The Services may continue to change over time as we refine and add more features.
We may stop, suspend, or modify the Services at any time without prior notice or liability to you.
We may also remove any content from our Services at our discretion without prior notice or liability to you.
Certain features of the Services may be subject to additional guidelines, terms, or rules, which will be posted on the Services in connection with such features.
All such additional terms, guidelines, and rules are incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
To the extent you are a subscriber that has entered into an agreement relating to the Services with one of our service partners and there is a direct conflict between that agreement and these Terms, the agreement with our service partner applies.</p> Access to the Service <p>Subject to the terms of this Agreement and your payment of the applicable fees in accordance with Bitcasa’s Pricing and Refund Policy, Bitcasa grants you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, license to use the Services solely for (a) your personal, noncommercial use if you have subscribed to the Services as an individual user under Bitcasa’s free or standard infinite storage plan or (b) your commercial use in accordance with the applicable restrictions outlined in Bitcasa’s then-current pricing list if you have subscribed to the Services as a commercial user.
If at any time Bitcasa reasonably believes in its sole discretion that you are using the Service beyond this scope, Bitcasa may terminate your access to the Service with no additional liability to you.
The rights granted to you in these Terms are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services.
(b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Services.
(c) you shall not access the Services in order to build a similar or competitive service.
and (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Service may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means.
Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Site or Services shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement.</p> Your Digital Belongings &amp.
Your Privacy <p>By using our Services you may provide us with information, files, and/or folders that you submit to Bitcasa (together, “your digital belongings”).
You and/or your suppliers retain full ownership to your digital belongings.
We don’t claim any ownership to any of it.
These Terms do not grant us any ownership rights to your digital belongings or intellectual property except for the limited rights that are needed to run the Services, as explained below.</p>
<p>We may need your permission to do things you ask us to do with your digital belongings, for example, hosting your data, or sharing it at your direction.
This includes product features visible to you, for example, image thumbnails or document previews.
It also includes design choices we make to technically administer our Services, for example, how we redundantly backup data to keep it safe.
You give us the permissions we need to do those things solely to provide the Services.
This permission also extends to trusted third parties we work with to provide the Services, for example Amazon, which provides our storage space (again, only to provide the Services).
As such, you grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Bitcasa an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide, sublicenseable license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, and otherwise use your digital belongings, solely for the purposes of providing you with the Services.</p>
<p>To be clear, aside from the rare exceptions we identify in our Privacy Policy, no matter how the Services change, we won’t share your content with others for any purpose unless you direct us to.
How we collect and use your information generally is also explained in our Privacy Policy.</p>
<p>You are solely responsible for your conduct, the content of your digital belongings and your communications with others while using the Services.
For example, it’s your responsibility to ensure that you have the rights or permission needed to comply with these Terms, host your digital belongings on the Service, and transmit your digital belongings to others.</p>
<p>We may choose, in our sole discretion, to review public content (e.g., comments on our blog) for compliance with our community guidelines, but you acknowledge that Bitcasa has no obligation to monitor any information on the Services.
We are not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, appropriateness, or legality of files, user posts, or any other information you may be able to access using the Services.</p> Sending Your Digital Belongings <p>The Services provide features that allow you to send your digital belongings to others via a link.
When you elect to send digital belongings via a link, please be aware that there are no restrictions on what the recipient will do with the digital belongings you sent.
There are many things that other users may do with those digital belongings (for example: view it, download it, copy it, re-send it).
Please consider carefully what you choose to send publicly.
Please note that if a link you share is posted (by either you or someone you share it with) on a publicly available website, the link may show up in search engines as a part of the “indexing” process that search engines use to identify content and links contained within web pages.
Bitcasa has no responsibility for what a recipient will do with the digital belongings you send to them.</p> Your Responsibilities <p>Digital content may be protected by intellectual property rights of others.
Please do not copy, upload, download, or share files unless you have the right to do so.
You acknowledge and agree that you, and not Bitcasa, are fully responsible and liable for what you copy, share, upload, download or otherwise use while using the Services.
You must not upload spyware or any other malicious software to the Service that might harm the Service, any computer network, or other Bitcasa users.</p>
<p>You acknowledge and agree that you, and not Bitcasa, are solely responsible for maintaining and protecting all of your digital belongings.
Bitcasa will not be liable for any loss or corruption of your digital belongings, or for any costs or expenses associated with backing up or restoring any of your digital belongings.</p>
<p>If your contact information, or other information related to your account, changes, you must notify us promptly and keep your information current.</p>
<p>You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Services and you agree not to disclose your password to any third party.
You acknowledge and agree that you, and not Bitcasa, are solely responsible for any activity using your account, whether or not you specifically authorized that activity.
You must immediately notify Bitcasa of any unauthorized use of your account.
You acknowledge that if you wish to protect your transmission of data to Bitcasa, it is your responsibility to use a secure connection to communicate with the Services.</p> Software and Updates <p>Some use of our Service requires you to download a client software package (“Software”).
Bitcasa hereby grants you a limited, nonexclusive, nontransferable, revocable license to use the Software, solely for the purposes of accessing the Services.
Your license to use the Software is automatically revoked if you violate these Terms.
We hereby reserve all rights not expressly granted in these Terms.
You must not modify, make derivative works of, reverse engineer or decompile the Software, nor attempt to do so, nor assist anyone else to do so.
Our Services may update the Software on your device automatically when a new version is available and you hereby authorize Bitcasa to automatically update the Software on your device.</p> Bitcasa Property and Feedback <p>These terms do not grant you any right, title, or interest in the Services, Software, or the content in the Services.
While we appreciate it when users send us feedback, please be aware that we may use any feedback, comments, or suggestions you send us or post in public parts of our site or Service (e.g.
our forums) without any obligation to you.
The Software and other technology we use to provide the Services are the sole property of Bitcasa and its suppliers and are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries.
These Terms do not grant you any rights to use the Bitcasa trademarks, logos, domain names, or other brand features.</p> Acceptable Use <p>You will not, and will not attempt to, misuse the Services, and will use the Services only in a manner consistent with the Bitcasa Acceptable Use Policy.</p> Copyright <p>Bitcasa respects others’ intellectual property and asks that you do too.
We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement if they comply with the law and are properly provided to us.
Such notices should be reported using our DMCA Process.
We reserve the right to delete or disable content alleged to be infringing and have a policy for terminating repeat infringers.
Our designated agent for notice of alleged copyright infringement on the Services is:</p>
<p>copyright@bitcasa.com</p>
<p>Or, mail to:</p> Copyright Agent<br> Bitcasa, Inc.<br> 1200 Park Place Ste 350<br> San Mateo, CA 94403<br> Other Content and Other Users <p>The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources.
Bitcasa does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for their availability, accuracy, the related content, products, or services.
You are solely responsible for your use of any such websites or resources.
Also, if we provide you with any software under an open source license, there may be provisions in those licenses that expressly conflict with these Terms, in which case the open source provisions will apply.</p>
<p>Your interactions with other Service users are solely between you and such user.
You agree that Bitcasa will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions.
If there is a dispute between you and any Service user, we are under no obligation to become involved.
You hereby release and forever discharge us (and our officers, employees, agents, successors, and assigns) from, and hereby waive and relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim, controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action of every kind and nature (including personal injuries, death, and property damage), that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out of, or relates directly or indirectly to, any interactions with, or act or omission of, other Service users or any third party sites that may be linked to on the Service.
IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”</p> Termination <p>Though we’d much rather you stay, you can stop using our Services any time by following the directions on the Services.
We reserve the right to suspend or end the Services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice.
For example, we may suspend or terminate your use if we reasonably believe in our sole discretion that you are (a) not complying with these Terms or (b) using the Services in any way that would cause us legal liability or disrupt others’ use of the Services.
If we suspend or terminate your use, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to let you know in advance and help you retrieve data, though there may be some cases (for example, repeatedly or flagrantly violating these Terms, a court order, or danger to other users) where we may terminate access and delete your digital belongings immediately without prior notice to you.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive, shall survive termination of Services, including without limitation, ownership provisions, indemnification provisions, warranty disclaimers, access restrictions, and limitations of liability.</p> Bitcasa is Available “AS-IS” <p>Though we want to provide a great service, there are certain things about the service we can’t promise.
THE SERVICES AND SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” AND AT YOUR OWN RISK.
WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, SECURITY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
WE (AND OUR SUPPLIERS) MAKE NO WARRANTY THAT THE SITE OR SERVICES: (A) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS.
(B) WILL BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS.
OR (C) WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, COMPLETE, LEGAL, OR SAFE.</p>
<p>BITCASA WILL HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY HARM TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, OR OTHER HARM THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICES OR SOFTWARE.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE TYPES OF DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTION, SO THEY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.</p> Indemnity <p>You agree to indemnify and hold Bitcasa (and its officers, employees, and agents) harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of (i) your use of the Service, (ii) your digital belongings, (iii) your violation of these Terms.
or (iv) your violation of applicable laws or regulations.
Bitcasa reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims.
You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of Bitcasa.
Bitcasa will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.</p> Limitation of Liability <p>TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL BITCASA, ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS) DAMAGES, REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT BITCASA HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.BITCASA’S (AND OUR SUPPLIERS’) AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICES IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OR $20 OR THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO BITCASA FOR THE PAST THREE MONTHS OF THE SERVICES IN QUESTION.
THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM WILL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT.
SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE TYPES OF LIMITATIONS IN THIS PARAGRAPH, SO THEY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.</p> Modifications <p>We may revise these Terms in our sole discretion from time to time.
When changes are made, we will make the most current version available on our website and will update the “Last Updated” date above.
If a revision, in our sole discretion, is material we will notify you via the email address associated with your account.
Any changes to the Terms will be effective immediately for new users of the Services and will be effective thirty (30) days after posting notice of such changes on the Service for existing users.
By continuing to access or use the Services after revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.
If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Services.</p> Miscellaneous Legal Terms <p>These Terms and the use of the services and software will be governed by California law except for its conflicts of laws principles.
All claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services or software must be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara county, California, and both parties consent to venue and personal jurisdiction there.
These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between you and Bitcasa with respect to the Services, and supersede and replace any other agreements, terms and conditions applicable to the Services.
These Terms create no third party beneficiary rights.
Bitcasa’s failure to enforce a provision is not a waiver of its right to do so later.
If a provision is found unenforceable the remaining provisions of the Agreement will remain in full effect and an enforceable term will be substituted reflecting our intent as closely as possible.
You may not assign any of your rights in these Terms, and any such attempt is void, but Bitcasa may assign its rights to any of its affiliates or subsidiaries, or to any successor in interest of any business associated with the Services.
Bitcasa and you are not legal partners or agents.
instead, our relationship is that of independent contractors.</p> International Terms <p>Choice of Language.
It is the express wish of the parties that the Terms and all related documents have been drawn up in English.
C’est law volone expresse des parties que la presente convention ainsi que les documents qui s’y rattacent soient rediges en anglais.</p>
<p>United Kingdom.
A third party who is not a party to the Terms has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any provision of the Terms, but this does not affect any right or remedy of such third party which exists or is available apart from that Act.</p>
<p>Germany.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, Bitcasa is also not liable for acts of simple negligence (unless they cause injuries to or death of any person), except when they are caused by a breach of any substantial contractual obligations (vertragswesentliche Pflichten).</p> 
