 Welcome to Citizens Bank.
This site is screen reader friendly.
Skip to content Skip to main navigation Skip to main sub navigation Skip to footer navigation     Close Close window Personal Small Business Commercial Investing Customer Service Open an Account Home &gt; Security, Privacy &amp; Legal &gt; Privacy &gt; Online Privacy Policy   Security and Privacy Protect Yourself How Citizens Protects You Protect Your Business Fraud Reporting Security Terms of Use Educational Resources     Online Privacy Policy (Revised 9/2011) We respect and value your privacy.
Our Online Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes and applies to the information we collect from you when you visit this website ("Website").
The terms "we," "our," and "us" in this Privacy Policy refer to Citizens Financial Group, Inc.
and/or its affiliates, divisions, or subsidiaries.
Our Privacy Policy generally describes how we collect, share, use, and protect your information.
If you are a customer who has opened an account or obtained a financial product or service from us for personal, family, or household purposes, our Privacy Notice may apply to you as well and further explains how we may use your information.
1.
Information That We Collect When you visit our Website, we receive and collect certain information about you.
The information that we receive and collect depends in part on what you do when you visit our Website.
You may be able to improve your experience on our Website when you tell us who you are - for example, by signing up for e-mail or newsletters, applying for products or services, conducting transactions online, making inquiries, or requesting further information about a product or service.
Some of the information you may submit is personally identifiable information, but much of it is not.
Personally identifiable information is information that identifies a particular person.
Examples include your name, phone number, address, and social security number.
It is possible to browse our Website without actively submitting any personally identifiable information.
We may use this information for a number of purposes, for example, to better service your requests and/or inquiries, monitor Website usage and/or performance, improve the customer experience of our Website, ensure technological compatibility with your computer or other electronic or mobile device (collectively "Computer"), protect against fraud or identity theft, protect against or investigate suspected online criminal activity, or conduct aggregate analyses on usage patterns.
Automatically Collected Information Every time you visit a website, some information is automatically collected from you.
This information may include, but is not limited to, some or all of the following items: your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or domain; type and version of Internet browser software and operating system you use; date, time, and duration of your Website access; specific pages, buttons, images, videos, links, or forms that you access while visiting the Website; type of device (e.
g.
iPad, BlackBerry, iPhone); mobile carrier and/or Internet Service Provider; and demographic information concerning the country of origin of your Computer and the language(s) used by it.
Information Collected via Cookies Cookies are small text files that are placed on your Computer to distinguish you from other visitors to our Website.
The use of cookies is a standard practice among websites to collect or track information about your activities while using the website.
We and/or our third party advertising service providers may place cookies or similar files on your hard drive for many of the reasons listed in this Privacy Policy while visiting our Website.
Most people do not know that cookies are being placed on their Computers when they visit websites because browsers are typically set to accept cookies.
You can choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can choose not to accept cookies.
You can also delete cookies from your Computer at any time.
If you refuse cookies, the functionality of our Website may be impacted or become non-functional.
Since every browser and Computer are different, you will need to follow your browser's instructions for disabling or deleting cookies.
Information Collected via Flash Objects and Other Similar Technology In addition to using cookies, we and/or our third party advertising service providers may also use similar technologies to track users' interactions with our Website.
Some of these technologies include web beacons (transparent graphical images placed on a website), pixels, tags, and Flash objects (also referred to as "Local Shared Objects").
Please refer to your browser's instructions to remove cached Websites, history, and images from your Computer.
Deleting or disabling cookies will not remove Flash objects or Local Shared Objects.
Instead refer to Adobe's website for more information on how to control or disable these items.
Additional Information on Online Behavioral Advertising Some of the advertisements that click-through to our Website and/or may be on our Website contain cookies that allow for the monitoring of your response to these advertisements (sometimes referred to as interest-based advertisements).
Our advertisements may also appear on other websites that use the same advertising service providers as us.
These advertising service providers may use your browsing history across websites to choose which advertisements to display to you.
If you do not wish to have us and/or our third party advertising service providers know which advertisements and subsequent websites you have viewed, you may opt-out at AboutAds (established by the Digital Advertising Alliance).
The Digital Advertising Alliance website contains important information on cookies, behavioral advertising, and what opting out will and will not do and choices you can make regarding interest-based advertisements.
Some Reasons for Use We may use these technologies on our Website to verify your identity, remember personal settings including your preferences, to offer you additional options or enhance your online experience, and to improve our products and services.
We may also use them for marketing site personalization, and tracking of online applications and programs and/or track the effectiveness of advertisements for our products and services that we may place on our Website or other linked and/or partner websites.
Cookies used for tracking advertising effectiveness do not collect personally identifiable information.
In order to better serve you, some of these technologies allow us the ability to view your past interactions with our Websites and/or online banking environment for customer service, troubleshooting, risk analysis and fraud detection, as well as other related purposes.
2.
Information You Choose to Submit For most of the browsing on our Website, we neither require nor collect personally identifiable information.
You can browse our Website and take as much time as you want to review our services without having to submit such information.
3.
E-Mail Communications and Electronic Communications Forms of communication such as, e-mail, text messaging, submission via social media (e.
g.
Facebook or Twitter), online chat, our Website Contact Us or similar forms, or other forms of electronic communication are inherently insecure.
Please refrain from submitting sensitive personal information (such as account number or social security number) via e-mail or similar method of communication.
When you send an e-mail or other electronic communication to us, you are communicating with us electronically and consent to receive reply communications from us or our providers electronically.
We may retain the content of the e-mail, electronic communication, your e-mail address, unique identifier (such as Facebook or Twitter user name), and our response in order to better service your needs or for audit, legal, regulatory or other business-related reasons.
4.
Social Media You may also find additional information on our products and services through our social media sites such as Facebook or Twitter.
Please keep in mind that any information you share is visible to all participants on these social media sites and you should never post any sensitive personal information (such as account number or social security number).
Please carefully review the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy on these social media sites as they may be different than our own policies.
5.
Personal Information on Children We respect the privacy of your children and encourage all parents to supervise their children's Computer usage.
We do not knowingly collect or retain personal information from children under the age of thirteen.
We advise all visitors to our Website under the age of 13 not to disclose or provide any personally identifiable information on our Website.
To learn more about the Children's Online Privacy Protect Act (COPPA) please visit the Federal Trade Commission's website.
.
6.
Third Party Websites Our Website may contain links to third party websites.
These links and pointers to third party websites are not part of our Website.
Neither Citizens Financial Group, Inc.
nor its affiliates, divisions, subsidiaries or parent company make any representations or warranties regarding these third party websites.
We are not responsible for any losses or damages in connection with the information, security, privacy practices, availability, content or accuracy of materials of such third party websites.
These third party websites might have privacy policies different from us and third party websites may provide less privacy and/or security than our Website.
We encourage you to review the privacy and security policies of all third party websites before you share any personally identifiable information.
7.
Additional Uses or Sharing of Your Information Unless you are a customer and have opted-out of receiving marketing offers based on your eligibility information, see our Customer Privacy Notice, we may use information about your relationship with us, such as what types of accounts you have, transaction and experience information, and the state/region in which you bank to tailor advertisements to you, offer you additional products and services, or enhance your online experience.
In addition to those methods discussed in this Privacy Policy, we may use and share your information, including personally identifiable information, without limitation, in the following manner: In response to judicial or other governmental subpoenas, warrants and court orders served on us in accordance with their terms, or as otherwise required by applicable law; To comply with legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of governmental authorities; To protect our rights or property, protect our legitimate business interests, to enforce the provisions of our terms or policies, in cases of customer fraud/disputes, and/or to prevent harm to you or others; To protect or defend us, our subsidiaries, affiliates, or parent company and any of their officers, directors, employees, agents, contractors and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute; As disclosed in other applicable policies, terms of use, or other agreements; or As permitted or required by law or as authorized by you.
8.
Online Security We maintain security standards that are designed to protect your information as it is transmitted from your Computer to our network.
This technology is called Secure Socket Layer (SSL).
SSL is the leading security protocol for data transfer on the Internet and helps to protect the safety and confidentiality of your online banking information.
You play a critical role in protecting your information by maintaining up to date Computer security protections and by reviewing your statements promptly.
For more information on protecting your electronic information, please visit www.
staysafeonline.
org.
9.
How to Protect Your Personally Identifiable Information You have a role in helping us by safeguarding your information from others.
You have several options when deciding how you can best protect your personally identifiable information.
One option is simply not to volunteer it.
The Federal Trade Commission's websites (www.
ftc.
gov, www.
ftc.
gov/idtheft, http://www.
business.
ftc.
gov/, and www.
onguardonline.
gov) offer useful information about how to protect your personally identifiable information.
10.
Suspicious E-Mail We will never e-mail you or send you electronic communications to request sensitive personal information or account information over the Internet or by any other means.
Help protect yourself against online fraud - if you suspect that an unsolicited e-mail or other electronic communication is fraudulent, please contact us toll-free at 1-877-229-6430 or by e-mail at fraudprevention@citizensbank.
com.
11.
Notice to Persons Accessing this Website Outside the United States If you reside outside the U.
S.
, any information you provide to us on our Website will be transferred out of your country and into the U.
S.
If you do not want your personally identifiable information to leave your country, do not provide the information to us.
By providing personally identifiable information to us, you explicitly consent to the transfer of your information to the U.
S.
12.
Changes to our Online Privacy Policy Please note that we will periodically make changes to our Privacy Policy.
It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often.
Your continued use of our Website constitutes your acceptance of any amendments to and the most recent versions of this Privacy Policy.
13.
Questions or Comments If you have any questions or comments concerning our Privacy Policy please let us know by referring to our customer service/contact us information on this Website.
PRINTING INSTRUCTIONS For a copy of this document, use the print command on your web browser.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: September 1, 2011 View our Customer Privacy Notice   In the Community About Us Careers Branch/ATM Locator Change your zip code Your current zip code: Member FDIC Equal Housing Lender Site Map Security, Privacy &amp; Legal About our Ads © Copyright 2012 Citizens Financial Group.
All rights reserved.
Citizens Bank is a brand name of RBS Citizens, N.
A.
and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania.
Deposit accounts held at RBS Citizens, N.
A.
and Citizens Bank of Pennsylvania are separately insured.
