 Autos Car Prices Compare Cars New &amp; Used CPO Certified Cars Credit Center Free Dealer Price Quote Car Financing Local Listings Vehicle History Classic Cars Classic Car Values Before Buying (First Steps) All Classic Cars - Manufacturers (A-Z) Vehicle History Motorcycles Motorcycle Values Free Dealer Price Quote Compare All Powersports Boats Boat Values Boat Tips All Boats - Manufacturers (A-Z) RVs RV Values RV Dealer Price Quotes RV Guide and RV Towing Tips All RVs - Manufacturers (A-Z) Manufactured Homes Home Value Report Home Definitions Buy CONNECT NADAguides Store Follow:   Home &gt; Privacy policy Privacy Policy P3P NADAguides.
com privacy policy adheres to the P3P (Platform for Privacy Preferences) developed by the World Wide Web Consortium.
P3P is designed to give Web users more control over the use of their personal information collected on web sites they visit.
P3P will allow users to easily view the privacy practices of Web sites they are visiting; the user will know what personal information is being collected, for what purposes, and who else is viewing this information.
P3P enhances user control by putting privacy policies where users can find them, in a form users can understand, and, most importantly, enables users to act on what they see.
If you would like to read more about P3P please go to http://www.
w3.
org/P3P/.
Cookies NADAguides.
com uses "cookies" throughout our Web site.
A cookie is a very small text file placed on your hard drive by a Web page server.
It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the Web site that gave it to you.
The cookies issued by the NADAguides.
com Web servers store no personal information.
A cookie's purpose is to tell our Web site that you returned.
How a cookie helps you is it saves you time when ordering products, request information or services.
A cookie helps NADAguides.
com remember who you are.
If you never register or leave personal information with NADAguides.
com, then NADAguides.
com only knows that someone with your cookie has returned to the Web site.
You are in charge of deciding whether we know anything about you.
But the more you tell us about yourself, the more we can help you find information or products you want.
If a visitor wishes to not utilize cookie technology, this feature may be disabled within the visitor's Web browser.
Opt-Out for Non-PII Collection for Network Services NADAguides.
com uses third-party advertising companies and advertising networks such as Google to serve ads to the user on NADAguides.
com's behalf when the user visits NADAguides.
com's Web site.
These companies may use information (not including the user's name, address, email address or telephone number) about the user's visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to the user.
For more information about this practice and information about not having this information used by these companies, please visit http://www.
networkadvertising.
org/optout_nonppii.
asp.
Privacy Policies NADAguides.
com collects various user information depending on what area of our Web site the user is visiting.
For example if a user wants to purchase a guidebook we will collect their name, mailing address, credit card information, etc.
However, if the user just wants to look up a vehicle price, we collect the user's ZIP code (only for demographic purposes).
No personal identifiable information is collected.
Additionally, we have a voluntary customer survey which collects demographic information from the user.
We have broken down our site into 6 different sections which collect various user information; and created 6 unique privacy policies which explain what information is collected within each section.
Each of the 6 policies are listed below.
 General Policy  Vehicle Value Policy  Shopping Cart Policy  Optional Customer Survey  Standard Image Link Sign-Up Policy  Customer Feedback (Contact Us) Policy You may contact us by e-mail at information@NADAguides.
com.
Or you can call us at 800-966-6232.
Privacy Policy General Policy Data Collection When a user comes to the "Home Page" (initial page) of NADAguides.
com, without entering the shopping cart area, customer survey, vehicle valuation, etc.
, this is considered our "General Site" section.
In this section we are collecting the referring url, or the address of the website visited just prior to NADAguides.
com.
Additionally, we are collecting the user's IP address.
Cookies Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site.
A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies.
Cookies are used for the following purposes: User targeting Research and development  Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy Vehicle Value Policy Data Collection We collect the user's ZIP Code, which is a non-specific personal identifier—we can't trace an individual user based upon this information.
We collect ZIP Codes for demographic purposes only; used for market research, and to customize advertising and promotional campaigns.
A user's ZIP Code is stored as a cookie on their browser, which expires after a determined period of time.
Cookies are used so we won't have to ask for the user's ZIP Code each time they return to our site.
Cookies Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site.
A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies.
Cookies are used for the following purposes: User targeting Research and development  Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy Shopping Cart Policy Data Collection We collect Physical contact information, Online contact information, Purchase information, Family Name (Last Name) and Given Name (First Name).
This data is only collected when the user is purchasing items on our site, i.
e.
, books or book subscriptions, for the purpose of completing the user's current transaction and research and development.
This data will only be given to mailing/delivery services, for the purpose of delivering the user's order.
Additionally, we gather the user's payment (credit card) information; this information is not shared with any other third party, and is only used to complete the user's purchase transaction.
We collect Click-stream data and HTTP protocol elements.
We collect this data for the purpose of site administration, completing the user's current activity and research and development.
This data will be given to ourselves and our agents.
We collect this information for the following reason: Our Web server collects this data for the purposes of generating accurate user page counts.
Cookies Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site.
A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies.
Cookies are used for the following purposes: User targeting Research and development  Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy Optional Customer Survey Data Collection Demographic and Preference data is collected on our optional customer survey.
The survey collects age, gender, income, as well as user preferences.
User comments regarding the site as well as email address are entirely optional.
There is an email opt-in/opt-out designating whether the user would like to be notified about future promotional campaigns.
Email addresses will not be shared with any third party agency.
Non-individual specific demographic information may be shared with other third parties for the purpose of marketing and research.
Cookies Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site.
A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.
You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies.
Cookies are used for the following purposes: User targeting Research and development  Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy Standard Image Link Sign-Up Policy Data Collection "Become an Affiliate" links to 4 Affiliate Program options; the first of which is called our "Standard Image Link".
This affiliate program allows users to sign up as recognized affiliates and receive an email from NADAguides.
com with our logo and link to our site, free of charge.
We request the company's name, website address, business mailing address, a contact person, phone number, and email address.
All information collected is for the purpose of establishing a business affiliation; this is a voluntary program for interested parties only.
No information collected will be shared with any third party agency.
 Return to Main Policy Privacy Policy Customer Feedback (Contact Us) Policy Data Collection At the bottom of every page on the NADAguides.
com website, we offer a link to "Contact Us".
This gives site visitors the opportunity to submit a question or comment to the NADAguides analysts and staff.
To best serve these inquiries and comments, we ask that site visitors provide their name and email address.
No personal information is shared with any third party.
Visitor information is collected for the purpose of responding to customer inquiries only.
 Return to Main Policy Home| Media Room| About Us| Help/FAQ| Contact Us| Advertise| Link to Us| NADAguides STORE| Business Users | Change ZIP | Follow Us Copyright | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer |     AdChoices © Copyright 2012 NADAguides.
All Rights Reserved.
NADAguides is an alliance partner of NADA Services Corporation.
Please Enter Your ZIP Code Your ZIP Code is used to provide you with information specific to your location.
