 PCH.
Publishers Clearing House Truste.
Click to verify PCHLotto and PCHSlots Privacy Policy Last Updated: September 14, 2011 This Privacy Policy applies to both PCHLotto and PCHslots and is provided to explain the online information collection and use practices of PCHlotto and PCHslots.
Unless otherwise noted, the information and descriptions in this online Privacy Policy are limited strictly to online transactions at PCHlotto and PCHslots.
At Publishers Clearing House (operator of PCHlotto and PCHslots) we take your privacy seriously, which is why we developed this privacy policy to explain our online information collection and use practices.
Unless otherwise noted, the information and descriptions in this online Privacy Policy are limited strictly to online transactions and do not apply to the off line privacy, data collection and data transfer policies of PCHlotto and PCHslots.
PCHlotto and PCHslots are Participants in the TRUSTe Privacy Seal Program.
TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to advance privacy and trust in the networked world.
As these web sites, www.
PCHlotto.
com and www.
PCHslots.
com, want to demonstrate their commitment to your privacy, they have agreed to disclose their information practices and have this privacy practices monitored for compliance by TRUSTe.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should first contact us at This e-mail address is being protected from spambots.
You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
.
If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry, or if your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you may contact TRUSTe at http://watchdog.
truste.
com/pvr.
php?page=complaint&amp;url==www.
pchlotto.
com.
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with these web sites to resolve your concerns.
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through these Web sites, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from these sites.
PCHlotto and PCHslots may occasionally change the features and content found on this site.
Consequently, our privacy policy may be modified to reflect any revisions to the site.
We suggest you revisit our privacy policy from time to time to be sure that you are familiar with our practices.
Changes to the Privacy Policy By using this Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy and to our Terms of Use.
We may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time.
When we make material changes to our policy, we will post a prominent notice on the home page of the Web site so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you will be apprised of any changes.
ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY.
By completing and submitting a registration and/or entry format PCHlotto or PCHslots, you signify your agreement to this Privacy Policy.
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the PCHlotto or PCHslots sites.
We reserve the right, at our discretion to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy.
You should check this page periodically for any changes and to insure you are familiar with our current practices.
This policy and all of our legal obligations under this policy are subject to the laws of New York and the USA regardless of the location of the user.
Policy last updated: August 2011.
1.
Why do PCHlotto and PCHslots collect personal information? PCHlotto and PCHslots collect certain personal information from our visitors primarily to process and fulfill online entries for PCHlotto and PCHslots sweepstakes.
For example, we need your full name, postal and emails address to enter you in the PCHslots or PCHlotto sweepstakes, confirm your entry, contact you if you have won and notify you about any updates or changes to our site.
We will also send you an email confirmation each day with the number of bonus Diamonds earned and/or of the numbers you have chosen for entry at PCHlotto.
We may utilize the services of service providers and subcontractors to collect such information on our behalf for administrative and other purposes that we may deem necessary to maintain service and improve the user experience.
We may also forward personally identifiable information to select vendors or third parties necessary for the fulfillment of any prize you may win.
These service providers are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose including their own marketing.
We may also use the personal data we collect for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes, and to report aggregate information to our marketing partners and others.
To provide our users with a more personalized and relevant web experience, we may collect and use personal data to identify users' specific interests and needs.
If given permission, we may notify our users by email of special contests, announcements and offers we feel may be of interest available from PCHslots and PCHlotto and/or our marketing partners who send information on our behalf.
Users may unsubscribe from such future offers by clicking to remove the check in the permission notice box before submitting the registration and entry form.
You may also unsubscribe from such offers at any time by using the unsubscribe link in such emails, by clicking on the “Contact PCHlotto/PCHslots” link or writing directly to us care of: Consumer &amp; Privacy Affairs, PCHlotto/PCHslots, 382 Channel Drive, Port Washington, New York, 11050.
From time to time, we post customer testimonials on our web sites which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer's name.
If the testimonial contains personally identifiable information, we do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting these testimonials.
2.
How and what information does PCHlotto and PCHslots gather or track? We collect personal data from our users mainly during the initial registration process for PCHlotto and/or PCHslots.
Such information is collected to process and fulfill online entries for PCHlotto and/or PCHslots sweepstakes.
For example, we need your full name, postal and emails address to enter you in the PCHlotto and PCHslots sweepstakes, confirm your entry, contact you if you have won and notify you about any updates or changes to our site.
We will also send you an email confirmation each day of the numbers you have chosen for entry at PCHlotto and/or with the number of Diamonds earned at PCHslots.
We may also forward personally identifiable information to select vendors or third parties necessary for the fulfillment of any prize you may win.
We may utilize the services of service providers and subcontractors to collect such information on our behalf for administrative and other purposes that we may deem necessary to maintain service and improve the user experience.
We may also request additional information about the offers and services on PCHlotto and PCHslots.
We gather this data in order to better understand our users' interests and provide them with relevant offers and information.
Through the use of "cookies" and "pixel tags" (both described below) and online and registration forms, we may collect personal data on, among other things, the following information: Demographic Technical Reference age gender income level IP address domain name e-mail address site traffic name land address telephone number password 3.
What are Cookies? "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser software on your computer's hard drive or temporarily in your computer's memory.
The use of cookies is an industry standard, and users will find them on most major web sites.
PCHlotto and PCHslots place and store Internet cookies on a user's hard drive.
Cookies can save any of the types of information noted above.
Cookies enable us to recognize you and personalize your viewing experience on the PCHlotto and/or PCHslots sites.
For example, we use cookies to recognize user access privileges to PCHlotto and/or PCHslots, track site usage and traffic patterns, add advertisements for goods or services that we think may interest you, and estimate our audience size.
We also use cookies to store user names and information that are supplied at registration.
Although most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, if you prefer, you can decline the placement of a cookie on your hard drive by using the appropriate feature(s) of your web browser software (if available) to delete the cookie.
Please note, however, that certain areas on the sites will not function properly if your web browser does not accept cookies.
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the sites, to track users movements around the sites and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
We utilize software from several third party companies that places tracking technologies on our web sites.
We have control of these third party cookies and javascript tags which we use to analyze the data they generate, in aggregate.
Some of the reasons for collecting this data is to determine the most popular PCHlotto and PCHslots games, the most popular areas for users to click on a screen with many buttons to click, etc.
We also use one of these services to estimate broad demographic patterns for our users in order to present our site audience as a whole to advertisers.
When you register with pchlotto.
com and/or pchslots.
com we may share your name and information with third parties who may contact you by mail with relevant offers.
If you wish to opt out of such exchanges you may click here, or do not opt to receive these offers during registration.
4.
Targeted or Behavioral Advertising: Targeted advertising (also known as Behavioral Advertising) uses information collected on an individual’s web browsing behavior such as the pages they have visited or the searches they have made.
This information is then used to select which pch.
com advertisement should be displayed to a particular individual on websites other than pch.
com.
For example, if you have shown a preference for cooking while visiting pch.
com, you may be served an advertisement from pch.
com for cooking related products when you visit a site other than pch.
com.
The information collected is only linked to an anonymous cookie ID (alphanumeric number); it does not include any information that could be linked back to a particular person, such as their name, address or credit card number.
The information used for targeted advertising either comes from pch.
com or through third party website publishers.
If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising from pch.
com that occurs when visiting our third party advertising publishers, please click here.
Please note that this will opt you out of targeted ads from Publishers Clearing House and any other participating advertisers.
If you opt out, you will continue to receive online advertising from Publishers Clearing House; however, these ads may not be as relevant to you.
When you use AddThis to bookmark and share our products and site, you will be taken to a third party site and please note that their privacy policy governs the collection and use of the information collected on those sites.
You may use the AddThis widget to tell your friends about the site, you will need to provide your friends email address to tell them about the site.
PCHlotto and PCHslots have no access to this third party information, please read AddThis’ privacy policy to learn more about their privacy practices.
5.
Do PCHlotto and PCHslots disclose user information to third parties? PCHlotto and PCHslots disclose user information in aggregate form to marketing partners.
For example, we might tell a marketing partner how many users visited PCHlotto or PCHslots over a period of time, but we will never tell them who it was that saw or clicked on their offer, unless that user has given us permission to do so.
We forward personally identifiable information to select vendors or third parties necessary for the fulfillment of any prize you may win.
We utilize the services of and disclose user information to our service providers and subcontractors for purposes of collecting information on our behalf and for administrative and other purposes that we may deem necessary to maintain service and improve the user experience.
Unless otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy or at the point of collection, we will not share personally identifiable information with marketing partners.
Visitors who do not want to hear about PCHlotto or PCHslots opportunities from PCHlotto may follow the simple unsubscribe procedure of removing the check mark located at the permission notice box appearing on the PCHlotto and PCHslots registration and/or entry page.
If an opt out is not submitted, we may notify users by email about special PCHslots opportunities and PCHlotto drawings, contests, and events from PCHlotto.
In the event of a merger, acquisition, or change of control of PCHlotto and/or PCHslots, customer data would be considered a business asset and may be transferred.
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena.
We may also disclose personal information as required by law or to protect the safety and security of our users.
6.
Can I opt-out of PCHlotto and PCHslots' data collection and/or distribution? Receiving email messages from PCHlotto about PCHslots and PCHlotto opportunities is optional.
As noted earlier, the collection, use, and distribution of personal data helps us create a more personalized, relevant, and intelligent web service for our users.
PCHlotto will not contact you with email offers and announcements from us or select marketing partners if you follow the simple opt-out procedure of removing the check mark located at the permission notice box appearing on the PCHlotto and PCHslots registration and/or entry page.
To update, correct, or delete registration information, please go to MY ACCOUNT.
In addition, you may update your password.
If you are already receiving PCHlotto emails and no longer wish to receive such communications, simply follow the "unsubscribe" instructions that appear in PCHLotto e-mail, or click on the "Contact PCHlotto/PCHslots" link or write directly to us care of: at Consumer &amp; Privacy Affairs, PCHlotto/PCHslots, 382 Channel Drive, Port Washington, New York, 11050.
Please note that we will confirm each entry into PCHlotto with an email summary of the number you have selected.
If you have provided personal information directly to our third party marketing partners and are receiving email communications directly from these third parties PCHlotto and PCHslots cannot, in most instances, unsubscribe users from these third parties.
If you wish to unsubscribe from one of our marketing partner's e-mail programs, please follow their unsubscribe procedures which will be found within their e-mails or in their privacy policy.
7.
What about external web sites? To the extent hyperlinks or banner advertisements incorporating hyperlinks are utilized on these Sites to access third party sites, users should be aware that these third party web sites are not controlled by PCHlotto or PCHslots and, therefore, are not subject to this privacy policy.
We recommend that users check the privacy policies of these individual sites to see how their personal information will be utilized.
8.
What does PCHlotto and PCHslots do to keep their sites secure? We have implemented a number of security features throughout the PCHlotto and PCHslots sites that are intended to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to the user information we collect online.
For example, database information is firewall protected.
Also, only authorized PCHlotto and PCHslots personnel and approved service providers have access to any stored personal information we collect from our users.
While we strive to create secure and reliable sites for our users, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted over the Internet cannot be 100% guaranteed.
Users should keep in mind that any information submitted through an Internet transaction is potentially accessible to the public, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without their consent.
PCHlotto and PCHslots are not responsible or liable for illegal interception of personal data via any Internet transaction.
9.
Do PCHlotto and PCHslots collect information from users outside of the United States? The PCHlotto and PCHslots sites are not directed to visitors residing outside of the United States and such users are not eligible to submit online sweepstakes entries.
If PCHlotto and PCHslots become aware that a user who does not reside in the United States has registered with the PCHlotto or PCHslots sites, PCHlotto and PCHslots will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from its files.
10.
Your California Privacy Rights: As stated in this Privacy Policy we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure.
Please note that if you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy.
If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information.
You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information.
If you do not want your name passed on to other companies for the purpose of receiving marketing offers do not complete the consent found on the offer page.
You can also contact us at any time with questions or your request to unsubscribe by clicking on the "Contact PCHlotto/PCHslots" link or writing directly to us care of: Consumer &amp; Privacy Affairs, PCHlotto/PCHslots, 382 Channel Drive, Port Washington, New York, 11050 and we will be pleased to respect your wishes.
11.
Further Questions? We welcome any questions or comments you may have regarding this privacy policy and our information sharing practices.
To contact us, please click on the “Contact PCHlotto/PCHslots" link or write directly to us at Consumer &amp; Privacy Affairs, PCHlotto/PCHslots, 382 Channel Drive, Port Washington, New York, 11050.
Or you may visit our online customer support tool at the following address: http://pch.
custhelp.
com/app/answers/detail/a_id/174.
Other Channels PCHsearch&amp;win.
com FAST Searches! MILLIONS in Prizes! INSTANT Winners! PCHgames.
com Play FREE PCH Games! Earn Tokens! WIN PRIZES! PCHlotto.
com Play For Big Cash Prizes! Win Instantly At PCHlotto.
com! PCHtv.
com Watch, Then WIN! Enter Now For Your Chance At Millions! PCHonlinesurveys.
com Share opinions and earn rewards.
Start taking Surveys today! PCHsaveandwin.
com Print Brand Name Coupons, SAVE Time &amp; Money! Media Center Media Inquiries Sweepstakes Information Press Release Advertise With Us Customer Care Center Customer Service / Info Center FAQ Scam Prevention Pay Online About PCH Pay Online Magazines Merchandise Canadian Residents Privacy Policy Terms of Use Customer Service Official Rules Sweepstakes Facts NO PURCHASE OR FEE NECESSARY TO ENTER.
A PURCHASE WON'T IMPROVE AN INDIVIDUAL'S CHANCE OF WINNING.
&amp;COPY; Copyright 2012 PCH.
com.
All Rights Reserved.
Join the Discussion PCHblog Become a Fan facebook Follow us on twitter Truste All trademarks and registered trademarks appearing on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Said owners do not endorse nor are they affiliated with pch.
com or its promotions.
