 Your Home eServices Payment Assistance Programs Rebates and Savings Products and Services (Residential) Energy Answers Frequently Asked Questions More.
.
.
Your Business Business Customer Service Business Energy Efficiency Programs Products and Services (Commercial) Material and Service Providers Green Generation More.
.
.
Our Company My Energy Value Newsroom Corporate Social Responsibility Kids and Teachers Foundation Electric Generation More.
.
.
Our Environment Renewable Energy History SmartStreet Energy Efficiency Plug-in Electric Vehicles Corporate Social Responsibility Stewardship More.
.
.
Careers Browse Current Openings On Campus Schedule Diversity Internships More.
.
.
Safety Outage Center Downed Power Lines Gas Leaks and Safety Tips Carbon Monoxide Poisoning More.
.
.
.
Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Emergency 1-800-477-5050 Customer Service Payment Locations News and Media More.
.
.
Search Your Home eServices Payment Options eServices FAQ's Your Meter Read Frequently Asked Questions Paying Your Bill Install or Start Service Rebates and Savings Outage Center Work Order Status About Your Bill Front of the Bill Back of the Bill Explanation of Electric Charges Explanation of Gas Charges Check My Rate Electric and Gas Rates Securitization Electric Unbundling FAQ Degree Days Senior Citizen Controlling Your Energy Cost Energy Theft Safety in Your Home Outage Center Downed Power Lines Gas Leaks and Safety Tips Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Call 811 and Dig Safely Weathering A Storm Electric Outdoor Safety Meter Reading Safety Employee Identification Trees And Powerlines Carbon Monoxide Poisoning Appliance Safety Safety Education Programs Energy Answers Green Generation Enroll Powerful Benefits Home-grown Energy Options for Home Options for Business Cost Calculator Inside the Energy Make a Difference Environmental Tips Energy Efficiency Supply Map FAQs Renewable Energy Games Generate My Own Power Interconnection Electricity Sales Options Net Metering Experimental Advanced Renewable Program (EARP) Products and Services Natural Gas Resource Center Energy Choice Smart Energy Smart Meter vs Current Meter Installation Timeline Installation Process Smart Energy FAQ News and Information Rates and Rules Consumers Energy Privacy Statement REVISED OCTOBER 01, 2010 Privacy is a high priority at Consumers Energy.
This statement has been designed to help you understand what information we gather from our online guests and what we do with it.
Our Security Statement explains the steps we take to protect sensitive information.
Contents of Privacy Statement: What information does Consumers Energy gather about me and how is it used? How do I change, delete or opt-out of a service? Guest's role in maintaining privacy Children's Guidelines What are "cookies" and does Consumers Energy use them? What is Consumers Energy's policy regarding e-mail? Does Consumers Energy link to other sites? Changes to the Privacy Statement For more information What information does Consumers Energy gather about me and how is it used?  Consumers Energy, a subsidiary of CMS Energy, gathers general information from all guests who visit our site, and requests specific information from others.
Whenever information is requested, the guest may decide not to provide it.
The information you provide will not be shared with any third party outside of Consumers Energy, unless i)  the provision of such information is required in order to fulfill your request or ii)  the third party is acting under contract to act on our behalf.
  (See our policy regarding e-mail.
) When you come to our site, we gather statistical information such as your Internet Provider and pages visited within our site.
This is used to help us continually improve our website and compile broad demographic information.
  (See our statement regarding “cookies.
”) In a few areas of our website we request specific information from our guests.
Basically, we only ask for information we need, when we need it.
In most cases you can decline to provide the information.
In these cases, if you decide not to provide the information, or provide incorrect information, you will not be able to take full advantage of the services offered.
Sensitive information is handled in a secure manner (See Security Statement for more details).
Back to top How do I change, delete or opt-out of a service?  To change or delete information previously provided, or opt-out of a service you previously enrolled in, do one of the following: Go to the specific service where you provided the information, or signed up for the service, and follow the instructions provided.
Send an e-mail describing your request to the address listed with the service.
Call the phone number listed with the service for assistance.
Back to top Guest's role in maintaining privacy  As noted in our Security Statement, Consumers Energy has taken measures to protect sensitive information that is shared with us.
Guests also play an important role in maintaining privacy.
Learn how to check the security level of your browser before sending sensitive information.
If your browser is not secure, don't send it.
When selecting a password choose one that's easy for you to remember, but difficult for others to guess.
The Consumers Energy Security Statement identifies how to check browser security and offers password tips.
Back to top Children's Guidelines  The Consumers Energy website has an area designed specifically for children called “Brain Station.
” This area of the website contains information designed for children that is both educational and interesting.
We do not knowingly solicit personal identifying information from children.
There are links to online computer games intended to help children learn electrical and natural gas safety.
Players have the option to provide their names when playing the game and if they decide to provide it, are instructed only enter their first name.
If a name is provided, it is used strictly to personalize responses and is removed after the game is completed or exited.
Back to top What are "cookies" and does Consumers Energy use them?  A cookie is a piece of information that a web server may place on a guest's computer hard drive when the guest visits their site.
Typically the cookie information is accessed by the web server whenever the guest visits their site.
This lets the server know that this guest has been to the site before.
The specific contents of a cookie are determined by the web owner.
Guests may set their browsers to notify them before accepting or rejecting a cookie.
If you have set your browser to reject cookies you may still use our site.
Consumers Energy does use cookies, however, in non-intrusive ways.
We do not store any personally identifiable information in your cookie and we do not use cookies in any manner that would infringe on the anonymity of persons accessing our website.
Consumers Energy only uses cookies to enhance and optimize our guest's experience while visiting our website.
Consumers Energy does not use cookies to retrieve any information from our guest's computer.
Back to top What is Consumers Energy’s policy regarding e-mail?  If you are using online transactional services, such as eServices or our online job application feature, you may receive e-mails from us (or a third party acting on our behalf) related to your online transactions.
  You may receive e-mails from us (or a third party acting on our behalf) containing information we think you may find helpful or interesting (“Informational e-mails").
  If required by law, you will be given the option to “opt out of” receiving future Informational e-mails.
We do not ask for personal or account information in an e-mail unless you have contacted us first and we need to clarify your request.
  Be sure any links embedded in the e-mail are actually taking you to a Consumers Energy site.
  If you have any doubt an e-mail is really from us, go to our website directly by typing consumersenergy.
com into your browser window and navigating to the desired page.
Back to top Does Consumers Energy link to other sites?  The Consumers Energy website links to other sites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of other sites.
We encourage our guests to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy and security statements of each and every website.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Consumers Energy website.
Back to top Changes to the Privacy Statement  If we decide to change our Privacy Statement, we will post those changes so our guests are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Back to top For more information  If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can: Send e-mail to protection@consumersenergy.
com Or if you prefer send mail to the following postal address: Information Protection Consumers Energy One Energy Plaza Jackson, MI 49201 Back to top Check back to the Consumers Energy homepage often to see what other services we have to offer.
For help using this system, please contact us by e-mail or call Customer Service toll-free at (800) 477-5050.
                    Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Security Terms of Use © 2012 Consumers Energy 
