 WordPress.
com × Looking for the WordPress.
com logo? Here are a few to choose from: Vertical Logo PDF (print) Vertical Logo PNG (web) Horizontal Logo PDF (print) Horizontal Logo PNG (web) Home Sign Up Features News Support Themes Stats About Us An Almost French Apple Tart mmmmm Autumn… crisp air, crunchy orange leaves, big knit sweaters, and most importantly, comfort foods! Here in CA it’s finally beginning to feel like Fall, and how can that not be inspiring in one way or another? It’s been a while since I’ve baked and the recent season change needed welcoming, so an apple tart made it’s way onto my list of things to do! This tart is so easy to make, so do it.
Seriously, everyone will love you and be impressed.
Also, if you have a man you’re trying to get married to, give him this, he will immediately inquire on where the nearest jeweler is (I say this from experience).
I found the recipe at Saveur, but as usual, I can’t follow any recipe without adding or taking away something (one time I tried to get fancy with microwavable top Ramen… let’s just say some recipes should be left alone).
  Now, let me start out by stating the obvious so I don’t confuse all you hard core foodie types out there.
1.
I know, I know, I know, this is a pie dish.
But give a girl a break, I live in Bakersfield for crying out loud, I looked for a tart pan everywhere.
Apparently the art of tart making has been lost here.
Time for a revival? Sure thing.
11.
It’s not the prettiest thing in the world, I know.
I used an apricot jam to glaze this guy up and usually this would require straining, but I wanted those chunks of sugary apricots cuddling up with my apples.
Get over it Bobby Flay, it’s delicious.
Anyways, let’s continue so you can make this thing already! First things first, ingredients! 1 1/4 cups flour, plus more for dusting 12 tbsp.
unsalted butter, cubed and chilled 1/4 tsp.
kosher salt  7 Golden Delicious apples, peeled, cored, and halved (I used less because of the whole pie dish thing…) 1/4 cup sugar 1/2 cup apricot jam Whipped cream or vanilla ice cream, for serving   You’ll also need a chef’s knife and a melon baller (if you don’t have an apple corer handy).
Step 1.
Combine flour, 8 tbsp.
butter, and salt in a food processor and pulse until pea-size crumbles form, about 10 pulses (If you live in Bakersfield like me where both a tart pan and a food processor are hard to come by, you can always work the butter into the flour with a fork).
Drizzle in 3 tbsp.
ice-cold water and pulse until dough is moistened, about 3—4 pulses (Another tip! Seriously cool, I just found this recipe where you add vodka to the dough and it makes it super amazing because it adds extra moisture without creating gluten.
Haven’t tried it yet, but I will be doing it next time!).
Transfer dough to a work surface and form into a flat disk; wrap in plastic wrap and refrigerate for 1 hour.
Unwrap dough and transfer to a lightly floured work surface.
Using a rolling pin, flatten dough into a 13″ circle and then transfer to a 11″ tart pan (ha.
) with a removable bottom; trim edges; chill for 1 hour.
  Step 11.
Heat oven to 375º.
Wash, peel, and core all apples.
Snack on apple peels or Al Gore will come after you for being wasteful.
Then working with one apple half at a time, thinly slice into sections, keeping slices together.
Be very careful to keep slices consistent.
Press sliced apple half gently to fan it out; repeat with remaining apple halves.
Using your knife to slide under and pick up (see photo), place 1 fanned apple half on outer edge of the tart dough, pointing inward; repeat with 7 more apple halves (again, if you have a tart pan you will fit all those apples, I could not).
  Separate remaining apple slices.
Starting where the apple halves touch and working your way in, layer apples to create a tight rose pattern.
Fill in any gaps with remaining apple.
For a complete picture tutorial on creating the apple rosette, go here.
Sprinkle with sugar and then dot with remaining butter.
Bake until golden brown, 60—70 minutes.
  Meanwhile, heat apricot jam in a small saucepan until warmed and loose; pour through a fine strainer into a small bowl and set aside.
Transfer tart to a wire rack; using a pastry brush, brush top of tart with jam.
(I also spooned some of the apricot jam onto the bottom of the crust before placing the apples inside, just to add some extra flavor).
 Let cool completely before slicing and serving with whipped cream.
And violá! A French apple tart/pie! This is super good and I’m sure way better served à la mode! It’s a nice take on the classic apple pie and a great way to bring all the boys to your yard… I mean, to welcome the Fall season! Enjoy!   P.
S.
I had extra apple slices left so I tossed them in cinnamon and made apple chips! So yummy! Get Started Create your own website An Automattic Brainchild Do More Features Store Themes Developers Community Support Forums WordCamps WordPress.
org Company F • T Our Story Privacy Terms of Service Matt Mullenweg From our blogs The Perfect Host: Comment Moderation Open Sans, how do we love thee? Let us count the ways.
Weekly Writing Challenge: And Now For Something Completely Different New Themes: Hum, Monster, and Timepiece 
