 Home
Omniscope
Download
Forums
Support
Company   Knowledge Base Feature Matrix by Edition New Features by Release Downloading &amp; installing Licensing and activation Welcome screen Scaling &amp; Performance Import Data from Files File Deployment Options Automation Options Data Refresh Options Reference Small Print EULA Privacy Policy Terms of Use Support Agreement Commercial Publishing 3rd Party Licenses Site attributions Specifications Web Services Integration Maps &amp; Coordinates Troubleshooting Miscellaneous Privacy Policy Visokio Privacy Policy Statement Protecting the privacy and data belonging to our clients and users of our site(s) is important to Visokio.
This Privacy Policy describes how we use and protect any information or data files you provide to us.
The security of information transmitted through the Internet can never be guaranteed.
Visokio data files provide many safeguards to prevent unauthorised access and re-use of the data within.
If you send us files containing your data, you are responsible for employing the available security measures appropriate to prevent unauthorised access in the event the file(s) you send us are intercepted by unauthorised parties.
Visokio is not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for changes to or losses of data.
Users of our files and site(s) are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID, or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password-protected or domain-locked files, or the secure areas of any Visokio site(s).
In order to protect you and your data, Visokio may suspend your use of a site, without notice, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected.
Access to, and use of, password-protected and/or secured areas of any Visokio site is restricted to authorised users only.
Unauthorised access to such areas is prohibited and may lead to a civil action and/or criminal prosecution.
For each visitor to our public web site, our Web server automatically recognises only our visitor's domain name, but not the email address (where possible).
We collect only the domain names of visitors, the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, and aggregate information on which pages users access or visit.
User-specific information is collected only from pages where information is volunteered by the visitor, such as Forum registration, enquiry forms, surveys and file download/free trial registrations.
The information we collect is for internal use only, for improving client service and the content of our Web Sites, and may be used by us to contact visitors for marketing purposes.
We do not sell or allow third parties to use the names or other information we collect.
  If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, click on the unsubscribe link to the bottom of the email.
Home
Knowledge Base
Small Print
Privacy Policy Print Home
 
Omniscope Download  
Support
 
About Visokio
Partners
What's new in 2.
7
Editions
Forums
Video tutorials &amp; reference
Careers
Contact us
Demos &amp; screenshots
Clients
Knowledge Base
Featured videos © Visokio 2012
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Contact Us 
