 Michaels MiDesign The Knack Create Your Account Sign In Find Your Store Buy Gift Cards Our Weekly Ad Bookstore Departments Art Supplies Art Supplies Products BRANDS Airbrushing Art of Doodle Brushes Canvas View All Products Projects View All Projects Tips Choosing an Airbrush Introducing Invis-A-Link™ Art Connectors Personalized Style ; Bring Your Vision To Life View All Tips Videos How To Choose Your Color Sketching Pencils Screen printing on paper View All Videos Books Shop All Books Bakeware Bakeware Products Wilton Celebrate It Duff Goldman Cake Decorating Pans Cupcakes Candy Making Cookies Treat Pops Packaging View All Products Projects Duff Goldman Wilton Cupcakes View All Projects Tips Candy Making Techniques Cupcake Design Tips 50 Great Ways To Use Wilton Cookie Cutters! View All Tips Videos Candy Melts Candy Cane Table Setting Wilton Candy View All Videos Books Shop All Books Beads Beads Products Beads Charms Collections Findings Pendants Storage and Displays Stringing Tools View All Products Projects Collections Necklaces Bracelets View All Projects Tips Tips for Designing Your Own Bangles Foolproof Knotting Technique View All Tips Videos Refreshing Jewelry Tips Jewelry Closures Tips Dazzling Jewelry Tips View All Videos Books Shop All Books Christmas &amp; Gifting Christmas &amp; Gifting Products Gift Wrap &amp; Accessories Cards View All Products Projects Aprons Bags and Wraps Cakes and Candies View All Projects Tips Holiday Cookie Exchanges DIY Holiday Wreaths Deck the Halls View All Tips Videos Candle Jars Candy Cane Table Setting Snow Globes View All Videos Books Shop All Books Craft Painting Craft Painting Products Etching Finishes Mediums Leafing Paint Stencils &amp; Accessories View All Products Projects Brands Surfaces Project Type View All Projects Tips Host a Winter Party Top Ten Tips for Crafting with Styrofoam™ Brand Foam Stenciling with FolkArt Outdoor Paint View All Tips Videos Learn To Paint At Home DecoArt Magikote Martha Stewart Crafts™ Faux Finishing Effects Overview View All Videos Books Shop All Books Custom Products Custom Products Products Custom Invitations Digital Scrapbooking Photo Calendars Photo Books Personalized Waterbottles Personalized Balloons Personalized Party Favors Wedding Invitations Wedding Accessories View All Products Tips Verse Ideas Step-by-Step: Creating Cards Wrap It Up With Ribbons Create Your Look With Jean M® Jean M® Color Recipes All About Memberships - Sign Up for Free! View All Tips Videos MiDesign@Michaels Customize It MiDesign Jean M Custom Invitations MiDesign Introduction to Jean M View All Videos Books Shop All Books Floral Floral Products Accessories Classic Traditions Containers Floral Stems &amp; Bushes Garden Fresh™ Fruit Greenery Bushes View All Products Projects Ashland™ Greenery Collections Craft Pumpkins View All Projects Tips Floral How-To Craft Pumpkins: Ready To Harvest At Your Local Michaels Store Top Ten Tips for Crafting with Styrofoam™ Brand Foam View All Tips Videos Seasonal Arrangements How To Cut Flowers Apart Hurricane Centerpiece View All Videos Books Shop All Books Framing Framing Products Collage Display Cases Document Matting Open Back Prints &amp; Posters Shadow Boxes Studio Decor Tabletop View All Products Tips Creating Modern Style Creating Traditional Style Creating a Kids Style with Frames Preserving Memorabilia Frame Your Life The Ultimate Finishing Touch  Glass Sectional Frame Kits Glass &amp; Backing Kit School Spirit Mat Program Holiday Custom Framing View All Tips Videos Hang Your Own Gallery Custom Framing ~ Process Wood Sectional Frames View All Videos Books Shop All Books General Crafts General Crafts Products Apparel Crafting Buttons Candle &amp; Soap Clay &amp; Tools Crafting Surfaces Face Paint Glue &amp; Adhesives Leather Crafting View All Products Projects Buttons View All Projects Tips The Magic of Sculpey® Which Glue Do I Use? Celluclay Basics Techniques View All Tips Videos Duck Tape Bag How to Make Glue Paint How to Fix a Jammed Pencil Sharpener View All Videos Books Shop All Books Home Décor Home Décor Products Accessories Baskets Candles Containers Frames Storage View All Products Projects Candles Containers &amp; Vases View All Projects Tips Home: Where Style Lives Candlescaping The Art Of Hanging Art View All Tips Videos Candles Extreme Ribbon Hanukkah Menorahs View All Videos Books Shop All Books Kids / Teachers Kids / Teachers Products BRANDS Art Materials Craft Kits Foam &amp; Felt Crafting Models View All Products Projects Passport to Fun Birthdays/Parties View All Projects Tips Where Do Ideas Come From? The Magic of Sculpey® Celluclay Basics Techniques View All Tips Videos Mess Free Crafting Clothespin Trick Teachers' Learning Tree Sand Playground View All Videos Books Shop All Books Scrapbooking Scrapbooking Products Embellishments Kits Paper Stamping Stickers Tools View All Products Projects Cards Page Layouts Off the Page View All Projects Tips Learning About Aleene's® Original Tacky Glue® Which Glue Do I Use? Create The Craft Room Of Your Dreams View All Tips Videos Tim Holtz Memory Box The Triple Function Dies of Spellbinders (Cut, Emboss &amp; Stencil) Scoring Board Demo View All Videos Books Shop All Books Seasons &amp; Celebrations Seasons &amp; Celebrations Products Baby Fun Finds Gift Wrap &amp; Accessories Party Supplies View All Products Projects View All Projects Tips Hearts &amp; Butterflies Costume and Body Art Walk Like an Egyptian Costume and Body Art Fall Buffet Table Décor View All Tips Videos Waterless Snow Globes Button Tree Candy Cane Table Setting View All Videos Books Shop All Books Wedding Wedding Products Bridal Accessories Decorations Favors Invitations View All Products Projects Accessories Bouquets Bridal Showers View All Projects Tips Types Of Wedding Bouquets Guide To The Perfect Wedding Wedding Invitations 101 View All Tips Videos Black &amp; White Origami Flower Ball Wedding Veil How To: Use a Ribbon Sealer to Clean Cut Ribbon View All Videos Books Shop All Books Yarn &amp; Needle Crafts Yarn &amp; Needle Crafts Products Yarn Loops &amp; Threads™ Ott-Lite View All Products Projects All Crochet All Knit View All Projects Tips Yarn FAQs Caring for Yarn Wearables Yarn Blending View All Tips Videos How to Crochet with Loops &amp; Threads™ Pom Pom Yarn Martha Stewart Crafts Yarn &amp; Yarn Loom Dimensions Stitchery View All Videos Books Shop All Books Projects Videos Classes Events Community Welcome to Michaels.
com! Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off.
Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Welcome to Michaels.
com! Your browser currently is not set to accept Cookies.
Please turn it on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.
Home »Privacy Policy Printable List (0) Privacy Policy Contact Contact Us by Mail: Michaels Stores, Inc.
Attn: Customer Service 8000 Bent Branch Dr.
Irving, TX 75063 Contact Us by Phone: 1-800-MICHAELS (1-800-642-4235) Monday – Friday 8 AM to 7 PM CST Saturday 9 AM to 6 PM CST Contact Us by Email: Send Us a Message Shopping This Week's Ad Gift Cards Safe Shopping &amp; Security Store Hours   Table of Contents Information Covered in This Statement Information We Collect How We Use this Information Your Choices &amp; Access to Your Information How to Opt-In and Opt-Out of Communications Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Technologies Information Sharing, Service Partners and Affiliates User Generated Content Information Security Information Transfer Children's Online Privacy Contact Us Changes to This Privacy Statement State and Country Specific Information Consumers With Disabilities Mobile Text Terms &amp; Conditions This Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”) describes the information that Michaels Stores, Inc.
, its affiliated companies, subsidiaries and service partners (collectively, “Michaels”) collects about you; how we use and protect this information; and the choices you can make about how we use this information.
Michaels is committed to protecting your privacy and will not sell, rent or share your information in a manner that does not comply with this Privacy Statement.
Information Covered by This Statement This Privacy Statement applies to information, including personal information, collected about you by Michaels.
Personal information is information, or a combination of pieces of information that could reasonably allow you to be identified.
Some Michaels.
com pages may contain links to non-Michaels sites.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies of those sites.
We recommend you review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Top Information We Collect We may collect information about you from a variety of sources, including information we collect from you directly; information we collect about you when you visit our sites, use our services, or view our online advertisements; and information we collect about you from other sources (where permitted by law).
Information we collect directly from you: We collect information directly from you when you choose to register with our site, participate in our offers and programs, purchase products from our site, or otherwise provide information directly to us.
The following are examples of information we may collect directly from you: Name, email address, postal address.
Username and password.
Phone number or mobile number.
Age.
Date of birth.
Demographic information.
Payment information (such as a credit card).
Future communication preferences.
Information we collect when you visit our sites, use our services, or view our online advertisements: We use cookies and other technologies to collect information about you when you visit our sites, use our services, or view online advertisements.
The following are examples of information we may collect with these technologies: Your browser type and operating system.
Web pages you view.
Links you click.
IP address.
Site you visited before coming to our site.
Michaels emails you open and/or forward.
Michaels offers or links you connect to via emails.
Information we collect from other sources: We may obtain information about you from other sources, including commercially available sources, such as data aggregators and public databases.
The following are examples of information we may collect from other sources: Name, postal address.
Age.
Income level.
Marital status and number of children.
Your interests such as hobbies and pets.
Consumer and market research data.
Purchase behavior.
Publicly observed data or activities, such as blogs, videos, internet postings, user generated content, and in-store shopping behavior.
All of the information we collect about you may be combined to help us tailor our communications to you to maximize your customer experience with Michaels.
Top How We Use This Information To provide offers, products and services.
We use the information we collect to provide the products and services you request, to tell you about other products and services offered by Michaels, and to manage our sites and services.
The following are ways we may use the information we collect about you: Send offers and information.
Develop new products and services.
Enroll you in contests, programs, or offers you request.
To provide you with other services that we have offered to you Create and manage your account.
Process payment for purchases or other services.
Protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions.
Where permitted by law, provide you with customized, unsolicited offers and information about Michaels products and services through postal mail.
Develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests.
Analyze the use of our products, services and sites.
Understand how you arrived at our site.
Determine the effectiveness of our advertising.
Enforce our Terms and Conditions and otherwise manage our business.
Top Your Choices &amp; Access to Your Information We give you choices about how we communicate with you.
Electronic and Mobile Communications.
We only send you promotional mobile or email messages if you provide us with your contact information and opt in to receive the messages.
You can stop receiving promotional mobile and email messages from Michaels by following the instructions provided in any such message you receive.
Postal Mail.
Where permitted by law, we may mail you unsolicited offers or product information that we believe is of interest to you.
You can stop receiving promotional postal mail from Michaels.
Promotional postal mail may contain opt out instructions, and you can stop receiving promotional postal mail from us by following those instructions.
Access.
You can view, correct or update the personal contact information you provide us by navigating to “My Michaels” logging in with your username and password.
If you have registered with midesign.
michaels.
com/invitations and/or with midesign.
michaels.
com/digitalphoto, you will need to log in to each account separately to update your information.
At this time, changing or updating your account on michaels.
com will not automatically update your information with midesign.
michaels.
com/invitations or /digitalphoto, and vice versa.
Top How to Opt-In and Opt-Out of Communications Our Site provides you the opportunity to opt-in and to opt-out of receiving communications from Michaels.
To have your information removed from the Michaels database, please contact us with your request online, by email or by phone as follows: Online.
Visit the “Contact Us” form on our website, and submit the completed form.
By email.
Send an email to custhelp@michaels.
com from your email address of record with a subject line of UNSUBSCRIBE.
Click “Unsubscribe.
” Each email we send you contains an “UNSUBSCRIBE” link at the bottom of the email.
Open your email, click “UNSUBSCRIBE”, and follow the instructions on the screen to change your communication preferences By phone.
Call 1-800-MICHAELS and ask to be removed from future mailings.
PLEASE NOTE: If you choose to stop receiving promotional messages from us, we will honor your request.
However, we will continue to send you service related communications and we may need to keep the information we have collected about you for record keeping, analysis or other reasons, to the extent permitted by law.
Top Cookies, Web Beacons and other Technologies Cookies.
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer when you visit a site that can be understood by the site that issued the cookie.
We use cookies to monitor how our sites are used and to help personalize your online experience.
For example, when you register on our sites, we may store a unique code in a cookie on your computer.
The next time you come back to the site from that computer, our servers use the cookie to recognize you.
We can then use the information you provided when you registered combined with your activities on our sites to provide you advertising and offers of interest.
You can accept or decline cookies.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies.
We do not store any personal information about you in the cookie.
Third-Party Advertising.
We may allow third parties, including business partners and ad networks, to display advertising on our sites.
Some of these companies may place a cookie on your computer to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement.
This enables them to understand where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisement and deliver ads that they believe are of interest to you.
We do not control these companies' use of cookies.
Web Beacons.
Web beacons are small bits of code embedded in web pages or in emails.
We may use web beacons to deliver or communicate with cookies, to count users who have visited a web page, and to understand usage patterns.
We also may include web beacons in e-mails to learn if messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded.
You can disable the ability of Web beacons to capture information by declining cookies.
Other Technologies.
Examples of other technologies we may use to provide better service to you include: Web Session Variables.
Information that is passed from one web URL to another as you browse.
Browser plug-ins/add-ons.
Additional web components that may need to be installed to enable certain web features on our sites.
You have the option not to install these components.
Top Information Sharing, Service Partners and Affiliates In general, we do not share personal information outside of Michaels unless we have clearly asked for and obtained your explicit consent.
Third-party service providers.
We rely on third-party service providers to perform a variety of services on our behalf.
In so doing, we may need to share your personal information with them.
Please note that we provide our service providers with only the personal information they need to perform their services and we require that they protect this information and not use it for any other purpose.
For example, we may rely on a service provider to: Fulfill your product and service requests and answer your questions.
Host our sites and deliver our email and mobile messages.
Contact contest winners, manage payments or take other actions on our behalf.
Analyze data, sometimes combined with other sources, to send more targeted communications to you.
Conduct research and analyze data to improve our products, services and sites.
In addition, where permitted by law, we may also rely on a service provider to: Combine personal information about you that Michaels has collected with personal information about you that our business partner has collected so we can jointly send tailored promotional communications to you.
In such instances, our business partner will not have direct access to any information we share about you with the service provider, and only the service provider will be allowed to use the combined set of information to send you joint communications that we hope will be of interest to you.
.
If you prefer not to receive these joint communications, you can always opt out by following the instructions provided in any such communication or by logging in to your account on Michaels.
com, midesign.
michaels.
com/invitations, or midesign.
michaels.
com/digitalphoto and changing your communication settings.
Perform other services that we request.
We provide these companies with the personal information they need to provide these services on our behalf.
We require these companies to protect this personal information and to not use the information for any other purpose.
Other situations.
We may disclose your personal information If Michaels or a Michaels entity is sold to another company; Where permitted by law, to protect and defend the rights and property of Michaels (including enforcing our Terms and Conditions); and When required by law, and/or public authorities.
Aggregated and non-personal information.
We may share aggregated information that cannot identify you for general business analysis.
For example, we may disclose the number of visitors to Michaels sites or services.
Top User Generated Content Some Michaels sites enable users to submit their own content for contests, blogs, videos, and other functions.
Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal, financial or other information in a submission.
Michaels cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Statement, the law, or your personal privacy and safety.
Michaels is not responsible for the results of such postings.
Top Information Security We are committed to keeping personal information secure.
We have appropriate technical, administrative and physical procedures in place to protect personal information from loss, misuse or alteration.
We limit access to personal information to those who have a business need.
We keep personal information only for a reasonably needed amount of time.
When we provide your personal information to our third party service providers we require those companies to protect the information and to not use the information for any other purpose.
When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information.
Please note that email may not be encrypted and cannot be considered a secure means of transmitting credit card numbers.
Michaels will never ask you to submit your credit card information via email.
Top Information Transfer Your personal information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country other than the one in which it was provided.
This may include the US.
When we do so, we transfer the information in compliance with applicable data protection laws.
We take steps to protect personal information no matter what country it is stored in or transferred to.
We have procedures and controls as appropriate to help ensure this.
Top Children's Online Privacy We believe it is important to provide added protection for children online.
We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to participate in and monitor their online activity.
We do not intend to collect personal information from children under 13 online.
When we do collect personal information from children, we do so in compliance with applicable country children's data protection laws.
U.
S.
sites that collect information from children under the age of 13 are covered by a privacy statement that meets the requirements of the U.
S.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
Click here to read that Privacy Statement.
Click here to find out how to obtain a copy of the information your child has provided to Michaels, to update the information or instruct us to no longer contact your child.
Top Contact Us If you have questions or concerns regarding your privacy, please contact Michaels directly.
Contact Us by Mail: Michaels Stores, Inc.
Attn: Customer Service 8000 Bent Branch Dr.
Irving, TX 75063 Contact Us by Phone: 1-800-MICHAELS (1-800-642-4235) Monday – Saturday: 8 AM to 8 PM Central Sunday: 9 AM to 6 PM Central Contact Us by Email: Send Us a Message Top Changes to This Privacy Statement We will post changes to this Privacy Statement and update the effective date when this Privacy Statement is updated.
The changes will take effect as soon as posted.
Top State and Country Specific Information CALIFORNIA Under California Civil Code Section 1798.
83, also known as Senate Bill 27, if you are a California resident and Michaels has an established business relationship with you, you have the right to request information from Michaels, free of charge, regarding the manner in which Michaels shares certain categories of your personal information with third parties (whether collected online or offline), for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
California law provides that you have the right to submit a request to Michaels at its designated address and receive the following information: 1.
The categories of information Michaels disclosed to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; 2.
The names and addresses of third parties that received such information; and 3.
If the nature of a third party's business cannot be reasonably determined from the third party's name, examples of the products or services marketed, subject to certain exceptions.
You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually.
For purposes of this paragraph, “Michaels” means Michaels stores and the site.
“Third Party” means a business that is outside the Michaels family, and affiliates of Michaels Stores, Inc.
You will notice that the “Third Parties” listed in this notice are Michaels affiliates.
These affiliates are listed as “Third Parties” because, under Senate Bill 27, any business that is a separate legal entity must be listed as a “Third Party.
” Our Michaels affiliates who may have received your information are as follows: Aaron Brothers, Inc 1221 South Beltline Road, Suite 500 Coppell, TX 75019 Artistree, Inc.
850 North Lake Drive, Suite 500 Coppell, TX 75019 This same California law permits Michaels to provide you, in response to your written request, with a cost-free means to choose not to have your information shared rather than providing the above described information.
Michaels designated email address for such requests is CAPrivacyRights@michaels.
com.
You may also request this information by writing to: Legal Department, Michaels Stores, Inc.
, 8000 Bent Branch Drive, Irving, Texas 75063.
Additionally, you may request that Michaels not share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing use by following the How to Opt-In and Opt-Out procedures outlined above.
NEVADA For Nevada residents: We do not share your Customer Information with nonaffiliated third parties for purposes of their offering products and services to you.
You do not need to take any action to limit this kind of information sharing.
Nevada law requires that we provide you with the following contact information if you desire for Michaels to include you in our internal do not call registry: Michaels Stores, Inc Attn: Legal Dept 8000 Bent Branch Drive Irving, Texas 75063 Bureau of Consumer Protection Office of the Nevada Attorney General 555 E.
Washington Street, Suite 3900 Las Vegas, Nevada 89101 Phone: (702) 486-3132 Email: BCPINFO@ag.
state.
nv.
us VERMONT Vermont law places additional limits on sharing information about Vermont residents.
As long as a user remains a resident of Vermont, we will not share information we collect about Vermont residents to companies outside of Michaels or to Michaels affiliates, except: To companies that perform marketing or other services on our behalf; Contact information (like name and address), and transaction information (such as your payment history), with companies we have Joint Marketing Agreements with; With the authorization or consent of the Vermont resident; or As permitted or required by law.
CANADA Michaels complies with Canadian Federal and Provincial privacy laws and regulations including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
Michaels will only use your personal information for the purposes intended and as detailed in this Privacy Statement unless we have obtained your consent to use it for other purposes.
Residents of Canada are notified that the personal information they provide to Michaels is stored in the company's databases outside of Canada including in the United States and may be subject to disclosure to authorized law enforcement or government agencies in response to lawful demand pursuant to the laws of that country.
Top Consumers With Disabilities We are committed to world-class service for all of our guests.
In compliance with the Americans With Disabilities Act As Amended and other state, local and provincial laws, we provide effective communication with our hearing-impaired customers and assistance for customers with any special need.
Please let us know how we can accommodate you! Top Mobile Text Terms &amp; Conditions The following terms and conditions are specific to Michaels mobile/SMS/MMS message communications.
Program Michaels Stores, Inc.
offers their customers mobile access to their alerts, coupons, and events over SMS.
Enrollment requires that the user has a text messaging plan when providing a mobile phone number.
Some programs may require a data plan available through the user cellular carrier.
The mobile phone number's verification is done by an double opt-in process where the user must confirm his/her registration process into the program.
Even though message frequency will average 4 messages per month, the user may receive up to 8 messages per month.
Message &amp; data rates apply.
Customers will be allowed to opt out of this program at any time.
Questions You can contact us at custhelp@michaels.
com, or at any time from your mobile phone, text "HELP" to: 273283.
We can answer any questions you have about the program.
To Stop The Program To stop the messages coming to your phone, you can opt out of the program via SMS.
Just text the word "STOP" to: 273283.
You'll receive a one-time opt-out confirmation text message.
After that, you will receive no future messages.
Terms &amp; Conditions By participating in the Company Mobile program, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions presented here.
To view Privacy Policy, click here.
Carriers Supported United States ACG – Carolina West Wireless, ACG – Cellcom, ACG – Cellular South, ACG – NTELOS Wireless; Inc.
, AT&amp;T, Boost Mobile, Cincinnati Bell, Cricket Communications, GetLisa, Interop – Appalachian Wireless, Interop – Bluegrass Cellular, Interop – Centennial Cellular Corp, Interop – COX TMI WIRELESS, LLC, Interop – GCI Comms aka Alaska DigiTel, Interop – Illinois Valley, Interop – Immix Wireless, Interop – Inland Cellular, Interop – Nex-Tech, Interop – United Wireless, Interop – West Central Cellular, Interop ECIT Cellular One of East Central, MetroPCS, Nextel Communications, Sprint, T-Mobile, US Cellular Corp, Verizon Wireless, Virgin Mobile USA Canada Airtel, Bell Mobility, DMTS Mobility, ICE Wireless, Lynx Mobility, Mobilicity, MTS Mobility, Public Mobile, Rogers Wireless, SakTel Mobility, Sogetel Mobility, TBayTel Mobility, Telus Mobility, Videotron Mobile, Wind Mobile Top This site is owned and operated by Michaels Stores, Inc.
located at 8000 Bent Branch Drive, Irving, Texas 75063.
Last Updated: March 2012 Privacy and Security Your information is safe &amp; secure.
For more information on gift cards.
Click Here »   close/open Contact Contact Us by Mail: Michaels Stores, Inc.
Attn: Customer Service 8000 Bent Branch Dr.
Irving, TX 75063 Contact Us by Phone: 1-800-MICHAELS (1-800-642-4235) Monday – Friday 8 AM to 7 PM CST Saturday 9 AM to 6 PM CST Contact Us by Email: Send Us a Message close/open Customer Service Shopping This Week's Ad Gift Cards Safe Shopping &amp; Security Store Hours Our Stores &amp; Company Classes Events Store Locator Store Directory Ordering &amp; Shipping Shipping Policy Tracking Orders Registration &amp; Passwords close/open Careers Where do you want to work? Stores Distribution Center Artistree Corporate Current Michaels Associates View Internal Jobs close/open Corporate Information Investor Relations Corporate Governance Corporate Calendar SEC Filings Annual Reports News Releases Presentations Calls &amp; Webcasts Media Relations Press Kit Press Releases Consumer Notices Return Policy Return Policy (Canada) Terms of Sale Terms of Use Your Privacy Rights Site Map close/open Social Links Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube   Mobile Michaels Charities Creating a better community! Learn More International Canada     close/open Departments Art Supplies Bakeware Beads Christmas &amp; Gifting Craft Painting Custom Products Floral Framing General Crafts Home Décor Kids / Teachers Scrapbooking Seasons &amp; Celebrations Wedding Yarn &amp; Needle Crafts close/open Projects Bakeware Beads Craft Painting Floral General Crafts Home Décor Kids / Teachers Mixed Media Scrapbooking Seasons &amp; Celebrations Webisodes Wedding Yarn &amp; Needle Crafts close/open Tips &amp; Techniques Art Supplies Bakeware Beads Christmas Craft Painting Custom Products Framing Floral General Crafts Home Decor Kids &amp; Teachers Paper Crafts Scrapbooking Seasons &amp; Celebrations Wedding Yarn &amp; Needlework close/open Products Art Supplies Bakeware Beads Christmas Craft Painting Custom Products Floral Framing General Crafts Home Décor Kids/Teachers Scrapbooking Seasons &amp; Celebrations Wedding Yarn &amp; Needle Crafts close/open Videos Art Supplies Bakeware Beads Craft Painting Christmas Floral Framing General Craft Home Décor Kids / Teachers Scrapbooking Seasons &amp; Celebrations Wedding Yarn &amp; Needle Crafts   © 2012 Michaels Stores.
Michaels and the Michaels logo and other trademarks and logos used on this site are owned or licensed by Michaels Stores, Inc.
All rights reserved.
  
