   Chase.
com | Contact Us | Site Map |     Security Center Home &gt; How We Protect You &gt; Privacy Notice If you are a First USA cardmember, click here to see your Privacy Notice.
Privacy Notice Printer friendly page Rev.
October 2011 FACTS
WHAT DOES CHASE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information.
Federal law gives consumers
the right to limit some but not all sharing.
Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share,
and protect your personal information.
Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have
with us.
This information can include: Social Security number and income account balances and transaction history credit history and payment history How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business.
In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal
information; the reasons Chase chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
  Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Chase Share?
Can you limit this sharing? For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your
transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal
investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes No For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you
Yes No For joint marketing with other financial companies Yes
No For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences
Yes No For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
Yes Yes For our affiliates to market to you
Yes Yes For non affiliates to market to you Yes Yes   To limit our sharing Call 1-888-868-8618 – our menu will prompt you through your choice(s) or Visit us online Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the
date we sent this notice.
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share
your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
  Questions?
Call 1-888-868-8618   View Page 2   Page 2 Who we are Who is providing this notice?
The JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co.
family of companies.
A partial list of its U.
S.
consumer
financial companies is located at the end of this document.
  What we do How does Chase protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use
security measures that comply with federal law.
These measures include computer
safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We authorize our employees to get your
information only when they need it to do their work, and we require companies that
work for us to protect your information.
How does Chase collect
my personal information? We collect your personal information, for example, when you open an account or make deposits or withdrawals from your account pay your bills or apply for a loan use your credit or debit card We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus,
affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your
creditworthiness affiliates from using your information to market to you sharing for non affiliates to market to you State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit
sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
  Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control.
They can be financial and
non financial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a Chase or JPMorgan name and financial companies such as J.
P.
Morgan Securities LLC.
Non affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.
They can be financial and
non financial companies.
Non affiliates we share with can include companies such as retailers, auto
dealers, auto makers and membership clubs Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together
market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include categories of companies such as
insurance companies   Other important information State Laws: VT: Accounts with a Vermont mailing address are automatically treated as if they have limited the sharing as described on
page 1.
For joint marketing we will only disclose your name, contact information and information about your transactions.
NV: We are providing you this notice pursuant to Nevada law.
If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from us, you may
be placed on our Internal Do Not Call List by calling 1-800-945-9470, or by writing to us at P.
O.
Box 659752, San Antonio,
TX 78265-9752.
For more information, contact us at the address above, or email Privacy.
Info@JPMChase.
com, with "Nevada Annual
Notice" in the subject line.
You may also contact the Nevada Attorney General's office: Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office
of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E.
Washington St.
, Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; telephone number: 1-702-486-3132;
email BCPINFO@ag.
state.
nv.
us CA: Accounts with a California mailing address are automatically treated as if they have limited the sharing with non affiliates
as described on page 1.
CA residents are provided a CA notice for additional choices.
Who is providing this notice? JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.
A.
Chase Bank USA, N.
A.
Chase Bankcard Services, Inc.
J.
P.
Morgan Securities LLC Chase Insurance Agency, Inc.
             Separate polices may apply to customers of certain businesses, such as J.
P.
Morgan's Private Bank or Private Wealth Management.
  View Page 1 FAQs Types of Online Fraud Fraudulent E-mail Examples Online Practices System Requirements Seguridad y Privacidad About Us | Careers | Privacy Notice | Security | Terms of Use JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.
A.
Member FDIC.
  EQUAL HOUSING LENDER * You can view and print pdf files while you are online using Adobe® Reader® software.
If you don't have that software, you may download it for free at the Adobe site now.
Adobe and Reader are registered trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated in the United States and/or other countries.
This site is directed at persons in the United States only.
Persons outside the United States may visit International Banking.
Product and services described, as well as associated fees, charges, interest rate, and balance requirements may differ among geographic locations.
Not all products and services are offered at all locations.
