 skip to Main Navigation skip to Main Content skip to Footer Sign In Customer Service Find a Store Navigation Coffee Beans Blends Brewing Menu Drinks Food Nutrition Coffeehouse Music Wi-Fi Community Responsibility Values Goals Progress Card Register Reload Rewards Shop Search Compare Buy CoffeeX Browse by Profile Blonde Roast Medium Roast Dark Roast Flavored Coffee Seasonal Favorites View All Coffees Browse by Form Whole Bean Coffee Ground Coffee Starbucks VIA® K-Cup® Packs Pods, Portions &amp; Filter Packs Starbucks Reserve® Coffee 100% Oahu Coffee Brazil Peaberry Yellow Bourbon Colombia Supremo Valley of Gold Panama Paso Ancho Sun-Dried Sumatra Rasuna Jamaica Blue Mountain Learn More Learn About the Starbucks Roast What is Green Coffee Extract? Learn About Coffee Forms Flavors in Your Cup The Clover® Brewing System My Starbucks Idea Coffee FAQs Looking for Coffee Beverages? Brewed Coffee Espresso Beverages Frappuccino® Blended Beverages Starbucks® Anniversary Blend This bold, spicy and celebratory coffee is back.
MenuX Drinks Bottled Drinks Brewed Coffee Chocolate Beverages Espresso Beverages Frappuccino® Blended Beverages Kids’ Drinks &amp; Others Smoothies Tazo® Teas Food Bakery Starbucks Petites Bistro Boxes Hot Breakfast Sandwiches, Panini &amp; Wraps Ice Cream Yogurt and Fruit Nutrition Food Nutrition Drink Nutrition Delicious Drinks Under 200 Calories Favorite Foods Under 350 Calories Learn More My Starbucks Idea Menu FAQs Looking for Coffee at Home? Whole Bean Coffees Starbucks VIA® Instant Coffee Pumpkin Pastries are Back Real Pumpkin folded into a muffin, scone or bread.
CoffeehouseX Entertainment Wi-Fi Starbucks Digital Network Mobile Applications Starbucks Android App Starbucks iPhone App Online Community MyStarbucksIdea.
com Starbucks Stores Starbucks Evenings Store Design Learn More My Starbucks Idea Coffeehouse FAQs Store Locator Looking for Something Else? Drinks Whole Bean Coffees About Us The new Android™ App See how the fastest way to pay just got better.
ResponsibilityX Community Community Service Create Jobs for USA Community Stores Youth Action Starbucks Foundation Ethical Sourcing Coffee Farmer Support Tea Cocoa Store Products Environment Recycling &amp; Reducing Waste Energy Water Green Building Climate Change Explore Green Store Diversity Suppliers Wellness Global Responsibility Report Year in Review Ethical Sourcing Environmental Stewardship Community Involvement Learn More Relationships Policies CA Supply Chains Act Community Investments FAQs Looking for Starbucks Information? About Us Coffee Nutrition Starbucks Global Responsibility Report Goals &amp; Progress Learn about our efforts to do business responsibly in 2011.
CardX Buy a Card Starbucks Card Starbucks Card eGift Corporate Sales Manage Your Card Reload Your Card Transfer Funds View Transactions Set Auto-Reload Report Lost/Stolen My Starbucks Rewards View Your Stars Keep Your Gold Benefits Rewards Program Terms and Conditions Learn More What is a Starbucks Card eGift? Card FAQs Manage Your Account My Starbucks Idea Looking for Starbucks Mobile Applications? Mobile Applications In Honor of Autumn Add this special Braille Starbucks Card to your collection.
ShopX Coffee Blonde Roast Coffee Medium Roast Coffee Dark Roast Coffee Starbucks Reserve® Coffee Starbucks VIA® Starbucks® K-Cup® Packs Subscriptions For Business Tazo® Tea Black Teas Chai Teas Green Teas Iced Teas White Teas Herbal Infusions Subscriptions For Business Brewing Equipment Coffee Presses Coffeemakers Espresso Machines Grinders Teapots &amp; Tea Kettles Verismo™ Verismo™ Machines Verismo™ Pods Registration Subscriptions Buy a Card Give a Card Corporate Buying Merchandise Apparel Hot Cocoa &amp; Treats Mugs &amp; Tumblers Music CDs Starbucks Gifts Syrups &amp; Sauces Learn More About Starbucks Store My Starbucks Idea Shop FAQs Looking for the Menu? Drinks Food All Starbucks® Coffees Verismo™ system by Starbucks Our lattes.
Our espresso.
Our brewed coffee.
Your home.
Impossible until now.
Privacy Policy Last updated July 29, 2011.
The Starbucks name and reputation were built on a foundation of trust.
This Starbucks Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes how Starbucks and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies ("Starbucks") collects, uses and discloses personal information of customers through our websites and online services, including Starbucks.
com, and other Starbucks owned or operated websites and online services that link to this policy (collectively, the “Sites”), through our programs and in our physical stores ("Services").
This Policy does not apply to websites and services that display or link to different privacy statements.
Websites and services co-branded with other partners may display or link to a joint privacy statement or separate privacy statements of our partners in addition to our Policy.
What Type of Information Does Starbucks Collect? Personal Information that may be collected by Starbucks may include: Name, postal address, phone number, and e-mail address.
Financial account information, such as credit card number and other payment information.
We may also collect information about you such as: If you create an account - your username, password, your city of birth, your birthday and mobile phone number.
If you buy goods at our stores or through our programs or otherwise - what you buy, where you buy, how frequently you buy and rewards you earn.
If you use our mobile applications to buy goods using a Starbucks Card  - information such as your device ID, your location and stores near you and visited by you may be collected.
If you take a survey or interact with us in various other ways - demographics information and information about subjects that may interest you.
We may automatically collect website use information when you visit our Sites.
This information may include information about your Internet service provider, your operating system, browser type, domain name, Internet protocol (IP) address, your access times, the website that referred you to us, the Web pages you request, and the date and time of those requests.
Our collection of website use information may involve the use of cookies and Web beacons.
Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website.
Among other things, cookies help us improve our Sites and your experience.
We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Sites.
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Sites or in our emails.
We use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
  We may also use Local Shared Objects (Flash cookies).
  To identify Local Shared Objects on your computer and adjust your settings, visit: www.
macromedia.
com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.
html.
Starbucks may also collect aggregated data or anonymized data that does not directly identify you.
We may combine information we collect about you with information we receive from third parties.
How Does Starbucks Use Information About You? Starbucks may use information about you for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you on our Sites or with our Services.
For example, we may use information about you to: Process and manage your purchase and use of Starbucks products and services, including your accounts and program participation.
Respond to your customer service inquiries, post your comments or statements on any blog or other online forum maintained on our Sites, or take other actions in response to your inquiries or other Site activities.
Create personalized promotions by combining your personal information with non personal information about you, such as the amounts and types of purchases you make or any benefits you receive through our programs.
Communicate with you about your orders or purchases, your services, accounts and program participation, a contest or sweepstakes you have entered, and your requests for information.
Communicate with you about our brands, products, events or other promotional purposes, including co-branded offers and affiliate and partner offers.
Does Starbucks Share Personal Information with Third Parties? Starbucks shares your personal information in limited ways.
We may share personal information about you with others with your consent.
We may also share information with companies that provide support services to us (such as credit card processors, mailing houses or website hosts) and that help us market our products and services (such as email vendors).
These companies may use information about you to perform their functions on our behalf.
We may disclose specific information (i) upon lawful request, in response to legal process, and when required to comply with laws, (ii) to enforce our agreements, corporate policies, and terms of use or (iii) to protect the rights, property or safety of Starbucks, our employees, agents, customers, and others.
If you participate in any blog or other online forum on our Sites, any personal information that you post on our Sites may be shared with other forum participants and Site visitors.
In the event of a merger, acquisition, financing, or sale of assets or any other situation involving the transfer of some or all of our business assets, Starbucks may disclose personal information to those involved in the negotiation or transfer.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.
What Choices Does Starbucks Offer About Personal Information? Starbucks offers choices for you to request to update or change your personal information and how we communicate with you.
Here are some of the ways you can request changes:   Follow the opt-out instructions in promotional emails we send you.
Log in to your Starbucks.
com account, if you have one, and visit the profile management section to manage your contact information (SMS text, email and postal address) preferences and to update your personal information.
  Call 1-800-STARBUC.
If you opt out of receiving promotional communications from us, we may still send you non-promotional communications such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
You can usually choose to set your browser to warn you when a cookie is being sent or to remove or reject cookies.
Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookie settings.
If you choose to remove or reject cookies, it will affect many features or Services on our Sites.
How is Personal Information Secured? Starbucks takes reasonable steps to maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative security to help prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of personal information.
While we take these reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information, no system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Privacy Policy Updates We may update this privacy policy from time to time.
When we do so, we will post the new privacy policy on this page and change the date at the top of the policy.
We encourage you to check the date of our privacy policy when you visit this Site for any updates or changes.
We will notify you of any modified versions of the privacy policy that might materially affect the way we use or disclose your personal information.
Questions and Feedback We welcome your questions, comments and concerns about privacy.
Starbucks Customer Relations can be contacted online, at (800) 235-2883 or by postal mail at Starbucks Customer Relations, PO Box 3717, Seattle, WA 98124-3717.
Online Policies Terms of Use Privacy Policy Web Accessibility MyStarbucksIdea.
com Terms of Use About Us .
Our Company .
Online Policies .
Privacy Policy Search Online Policies Our Heritage Our Company Our Starbucks Mission Statement Business Ethics and Compliance Diversity at Starbucks Corporate Governance Online Policies Product Advisories Investor Relations Our Leadership Team SEC Filings Financial Reports Request for Information Newsroom Press Release Archives Myths &amp; Facts About Us Our Heritage Our Company Investor Relations Newsroom Product Advisories Career Center Working at Starbucks Starbucks Career Advancement Career Diversity Partner Networks Professional Services Careers Roasting Plant Careers Retail Careers International Careers For Business Office Coffee Starbucks Coffee International Foodservice Licensed Stores Starbucks Card Corporate Sales Online Community Twitter Facebook YouTube My Starbucks Idea Quick Links My Account Store Locator Nutrition Info Customer Service What’s New Change Region © 2012 Starbucks Corporation.
All rights reserved.
.
Responsibility .
Web Accessibility .
Privacy Policy .
Terms of Use .
Contact Us .
Partners .
Site Map 
