 We detected that your JavaScript seem to be disabled.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Contact Us Place an Order 1-800-423-2567 24 hours a day / 7 days a week Customer Service 1-800-444-3353 Monday to Friday 6:00 am to 9:00 pm PST Technical problems 1-888-866-5797 Monday to Friday 6:00 am to 6:00 pm PST Order Status Returns and Exchanges $6.
99 FLAT-RATE SHIPPING | GET COUPONS NOW! Log In / register My Wishlist My Cart Sale &amp; Clearance Clearance Fall Super Sale Monthly Ad Shop by interest Automotive Boating Contractor DIY Farming Tool Storage Motorcycle Outdoor Solar Tile &amp; Stone Truck Welding Woodworking Brands Chicago Electric Power Tool Pittsburgh Pro Central Machinery Central Pneumatic Haul-Master Central Hydraulics Chicago Welding Cen-Tech U.
S.
General Drill Master Inside Track Club Feedback Drills Cordless Drills Electric Drills Drivers Drill Press Hammer Drills Woodworking Planers &amp; Joiners Rotary Tools Routers Sanders Wood Lathes Saws Radial Arm Saws Reciprocating Saws Scroll Saws Table Saws Tile Saws Band Saws Circular Saws Cutoff Saws Jig Saws Miter Saws More Power Tools Concrete Vibrators Power Tool Accessories Demolition Accessories Dust Collectors Grinders &amp; Buffers Milling &amp; Drilling Mixers Oscillating Tools Plate Compactors Polishers Specialty Power Tools Vacuums Safety &amp; Comfort Apparel Ear Protection Eye Protection Gloves Knee Pads Masks &amp; Respirators Safety Materials Ventilation &amp; Blowers $6.
99 Flat-Rate Shipping, Plus Free Handling &amp; Insurance! Air Tools Drills &amp; Screwdrivers Grinders Hammers Impact Wrenches Nailers &amp; Staplers Ratchets Riveters Sanders Specialty Air Tools Air Compressors Air Compressors Compressor Pumps Air Tool Accessories Abrasive Blasters Abrasives Air Tool Accessories Air Hoses Blaster Accessories Hose Reels Nails For Air Nailers Paint Staples For Air Staplers Safety &amp; Comfort Apparel Ear Protection Eye Protection Gloves Knee Pads Masks &amp; Respirators Safety Materials Ventilators &amp; Blowers $6.
99 Flat-Rate Shipping, Plus Free Handling &amp; Insurance! Shop For Hand Tools Axes Bolt Cutters Planers Chisels &amp; Carving Clamps Files Flooring Tools Hammers Hand Fasteners Hand Riveters Hand Saws Hand Tools Sets Hex Wrenches Mallets Nut Drivers Wrenches Pliers Precision Hand Tools Pry Bars Sockets &amp; Rachets Screwdrivers Sharpeners Sledge Hammers Snips Knives Stamping Tap &amp; Die Tool Storage Bins &amp; Containers Tool Cabinets &amp; Carts Tool Bags Tool Boxes Tool Organizers Tool Box Accessories Tool Belts Measuring &amp; Marking Tape Measures Thermometers Squares Measuring Tools Levels Marking Protractors Punches Rulers Scales Specialty Measuring $6.
99 Flat-Rate Shipping, Plus Free Handling &amp; Insurance! Auto &amp; Motorcycle Accessory Lights Auto Body Auto Care Battery Brakes Cargo Covers Dash Gauges Electrical Exterior Auto Accessories Headlamp Horns Interior Auto Accessories Power Inverters Spray Paint Tire &amp; Wheel Tow Straps Trim &amp; Moulding Automotive Tools Creepers &amp; Seats Diagnostics Engine Exhaust Funnels Hoses &amp; Lines Pullers Specialty Tools Steering Suspension Transmission Window Truck Tie Downs Truck Boxes &amp; Racks Truck Cranes Winches Ramps Jacks, Stands &amp; Hoists Floor Jacks Transmission Jacks Bottle Jacks Jack Stands Lifts &amp; Stands Hoists Shop Cranes Trailer &amp; Accessories Trailer Trailer Accessories Trailer Hitch Trailer Jacks Trailer Lights Supplies Cleaners Lubrication Refrigeration Sealants &amp; Adhesives $6.
99 Flat-Rate Shipping, Plus Free Handling &amp; Insurance! Engines &amp; Generators Gas Engine Generators Gas Engines Generator Accessories $6.
99 Flat-Rate Shipping, Plus Free Handling &amp; Insurance! Tools For The Shop Creepers &amp; Seats Garage Accessories Hydraulic Pumps Hydraulic Wire Crimping Machinery Accessories Metal Shaping Equipment Pipe Benders Punches &amp; Dies Shop Presses Tumblers &amp; Vibrators Vises Work Benches &amp; Sawhorses Ram &amp; Pullers Abrasive Blasters Abrasives Anvils Blast Cabinets Blaster Accys Shop Vacuum Accys Portable Garages Jack, Stands &amp; Hoists Hoists Floor Jacks Jack Stands Lifts &amp; Stands Ramps Transmission Jacks Shop Cranes Safety &amp; Comfort Apparel Ear Protection Eye Protection Gloves Knee Pads Masks &amp; Respirators Safety Materials Ventilators &amp; Blowers Cleaning Parts Washers Pressure Washer Shop Vacuums $6.
99 Flat-Rate Shipping, Plus Free Handling &amp; Insurance! General Merchandise Adhesives &amp; Chemicals Assisted Living Electrical Gloves Hardware Household Kitchen Cable Ties Tile &amp; Stone Lighting Megaphones Paint Plumbing Security $6.
99 Flat-Rate Shipping, Plus Free Handling &amp; Insurance! Shop By Category Decoration Fountain Pumps Furniture Garden Hose Lighting Greenhouses Hand Tools Heater &amp; Torches Pest Control Recreation Sprayers Tarps Trencher Wheeled Carriers Outdoor Power Tools Safety &amp; Comfort Knee Pads Masks &amp; Respirators Safety Materials Ventilation &amp; Blowers Gloves Apparel Ear Protection Eye Protection $6.
99 Flat-Rate Shipping, Plus Free Handling &amp; Insurance! Carts, Trucks &amp; Dollies Dollies Hand Trucks Service Carts Parts &amp; Supplies Tubes Solid &amp; Flat Free Tires Moving Supplies Pneumatic Tires Rope Material Handling Chain &amp; Hooks Casters-Rigid Wire Casters-Swivel $6.
99 Flat-Rate Shipping, Plus Free Handling &amp; Insurance! Category Arc Welders Mig &amp; Flux Welders Plasma Cutters Plastic Welders Soldering Tig Arc Welders Welding Accessories Spot Welders Safety &amp; Comfort Gloves Knee Pads Masks &amp; Respirators Safety Materials Ventilation &amp; Blowers Eye Protection Apparel Ear Protection $6.
99 Flat-Rate Shipping, Plus Free Handling &amp; Insurance! We at Harbor Freight Tools ("Harbor Freight") protect the Personal Information you provide us in accordance with this Privacy and Security Policy.
We have prepared this Privacy and Security Policy to let you know how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage the Personal Information you provide to us at any of our Harbor Freight retail stores (the "Stores"), through any Harbor Freight customer call centers (the "Customer Call Centers"), through any physical mail or e-mail sent to Harbor Freight (“Mail”), through the http://www.
harborfreight.
com website and other sites that may currently exist and/or be established by Harbor Freight (collectively the "Sites").
When you provide Personal Information at our Stores, to our Customer Call Centers, or through Mail or our Sites you are consenting to the manner in which Harbor Freight will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your Personal Information, as described below.
If you do not agree with this Privacy and Security Policy, please do not provide any Personal Information.
  If you choose not to provide Personal Information, you may not be able to do certain things like access particular areas of our website, enter contests or sweepstakes, request information or send Harbor Freight an email.
A.
Our Promise Harbor Freight will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy and Security Policy.
B.
Collection and Use of Personal Information As used in this Privacy and Security Policy, “Personal Information” means personally identifiable information such as your name, street address, telephone number, credit card information, screen name and email address.
Harbor Freight may collect and use Personal Information that you provide us when you: Purchase, order, return, exchange, register or request certain information about Harbor Freight's products and services; Request warranty or tax exempt information; Contact a Customer Call Center or customer service desk; Visit, register on, post to or participate in the features of one of Harbor Freight's Sites; Open an account or enter into a contest or sweepstakes, join a club or participate in a program offered by Harbor Freight; Respond to one of Harbor Freight's surveys; Provide Harbor Freight with comments or suggestions; Provide Harbor Freight with any information contributed to our Sites on your behalf; Provide Harbor Freight other contact information.
When you use one of the Harbor Freight Sites, certain additional information is collected without you being prompted to provide it.
This information includes, but is not limited to, cookies which are covered below.
A note about “Phishing” attacks: Harbor Freight will never send you an email requesting you to validate account/password information or personal information such as credit card numbers.
  If you do receive an email that appears to come from Harbor Freight and asks for this type of information please forward the email directly to cs@harborfreight.
com and then delete from your inbox.
  1.
Shopping at Harbor Freight When you purchase products and services at one of Harbor Freight's Stores, you may do so anonymously when you pay with cash.
If you use a credit or debit card for any of your purchases, whether online or in a store, Harbor Freight will collect your credit or debit card information and keep a history of your purchases.
Harbor Freight uses this information to process your orders, to ensure proper delivery, to better assist you when you visit or call us as well as to improve our product and service offerings.
When you return previously purchased merchandise or request a refund or exchange, you may be asked to give your name, address, telephone number and provide other information that identifies you, such as your driver's license.
Harbor Freight collects this information to help prevent fraud.
2.
Customer Call Centers When you call one of Harbor Freight's Customer Call Centers about a product, delivery, a billing question or for customer service, you may be asked for information that identifies you along with additional information we need to help us promptly answer your questions, such as your name, email information, mailing address and a telephone number where we might contact you.
Harbor Freight may retain this information to assist you in the future or for its other business needs.
  3.
Online Registration/Newletters/Offers/Coupons (a) Information Harbor Freight Requests.
Registration and/or club or program membership is an optional service provided by Harbor Freight through its Sites.
You do not have to register or join to browse or shop online.
When you register or join, you are asked for certain Personal Information which may be used to assist us in our provision of services.
(b) Newsletters/Offers/Coupons.
When you register or join, you will have the opportunity to receive future marketing information from Harbor Freight and to sign up for email newsletters, coupons and offers that cover certain subjects that are of interest to you.
These newsletters, coupons and offers will be sent to you only if you choose to place your name on our mailing list.
In order for us to deliver these newsletters, coupons and offers, Harbor Freight may need to pass along your name and email address to the Service Providers who supply us with email service and who authenticate and validate the information you provide.
4.
Contests, Questions or Surveys When you ask a question, participate in a survey or enter a contest or sweepstakes at a Store or by Mail, a Harbor Freight sponsored event or through our Sites, we may collect your Personal Information.
This information is used to administer your participation in a contest or sweepstakes and for Harbor Freight’s other business needs.
5.
Extended Service Plans and Inside Track Club If you purchase a Harbor Freight Extended Service Plan or Inside Track Club membership, you will be required to provide Personal Information to third party Service Providers.
6.
Non-Voluntary Information; Personalized Advertising (a) General Tracking Information.
Our Sites collect information through a number of different technologies, including cookies and Web beacons.
Cookies, web beacons and other technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf.
Among other things, Harbor Freight keeps records of the pages visited by each site user.
Harbor Freight aggregates this information with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns.
Harbor Freight uses this information to improve its Sites and to develop functions and user tools which will make it more responsive to the needs and preferences of Harbor Freight customers.
(b) Cookies and Web Beacons.
.
Harbor Freight websites use a technology called "cookies" to help facilitate transactions on the Sites.
A cookie is an element of software code that Harbor Freight Sites can send to your browser, which is then stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return.
Should you decide not to accept cookies from our Sites, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our Site.
Third parties may place anonymous cookies on your browser and may send their own cookies to your cookies file, which may allow personalized retargeting technology and service of personalized banners to enhance your shopping experience.
The Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) consumer opt-out page currently located at www.
networkadvertising.
org/managing/opt_out.
asp permits you to opt-out of behavioral advertising with some of the third parties whose cookies may be placed on your browser when you visit our sites.
Web beacons are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of Web sites.
(c) Other Information.
We may collect additional automatic information about your visit to our Site, such as time of day, browser type and version, browser language, your operating system and platform, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet.
This information is used for analytical purposes and to help us provide services to our customers.
We may also use this information to administer and troubleshoot our Sites.
(d) Aggregate Information.
On occasion we may provide this aggregate information (which shall not include personally identifiable information) to vendors, investors, potential advertisers, or news agencies to demonstrate the amount of interest in our Site and to help us plan for technical infrastructure requirements.
(e) E-mails.
In HTML e-mails that we send our customers, we may use technology for a variety of purposes, including, without limitation, determining whether our customers have opened or forwarded those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails, customizing banner advertisements and other messages after a customer has closed the e-mail, and determining whether a customer has made an inquiry or purchase in response to a particular e-mail.
These technologies may enable us to collect and use information in a form that is personally identifiable.
C.
Harbor Freight's Additional Use of Personal Information 1.
Research and Marketing In the U.
S.
, to better serve you, we may combine the Personal Information that you provide with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our marketing partners and others.
Harbor Freight uses that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes.
2.
Third Party Products and Services We may share your Personal Information about Harbor Freight consumers with third parties so that they may provide you with information about products and services and special offers.
These third parties are not authorized by us to use your Personal Information in any other way.
Harbor Freight does not sell your Personal Information.
3.
Service Providers Some of our operations, such as our Customer Call Centers, may be managed by unaffiliated companies.
These companies may have access to your Personal Information on a confidential basis only to the extent necessary to perform their functions.
4.
Shipping If your purchases are being shipped to you, we will share your shipping information with our delivery service providers (United Parcel Service, FedEx, U.
S.
Postal Service, or other delivery companies we select).
5.
Legal Disclosure Harbor Freight Tools must provide your Personal Information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by law.
6.
Third Party Links, Data and Content Serving Harbor Freight's Sites may include links to the websites of our business partners, vendors and advertisers and content served by third parties.
The inclusion of any link does not imply Harbor Freight's endorsement of any other company, its websites, or its products and/or services.
These linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies, which we encourage you to read carefully.
We have no control over such websites and therefore have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose and otherwise treat your Personal Information.
Third party Service Providers may need access to some of your Personal Information.
In such cases, we only provide third party agents with the minimum amount of information needed to complete the requested service or transaction.
We may also provide your information to our affiliated companies and successors.
We reserve the right to provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our clients, traffic, viewing and purchasing patterns and other site information.
This data reflects site usage patterns, but does not contain personally identifiable information about any individual user.
  In certain circumstances, we may share your information with service providers that need access to your information to provide operational or other support services.
To ensure the confidentiality and security of your information, service providers must agree to safeguard your information in confidence.
7.
Secure Shopping When you place orders your order information, including your card number and delivery address, is transmitted through the Internet using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology.
SSL technology works with your browser to encrypt your order information before transmitting it to our server.
8.
Information Collected from Third Parties Harbor Freight may update or supplement Personal Information collected directly from you with other information obtained from third parties.
In addition, Harbor Freight may obtain Personal Information about individuals who are not yet users of our Web sites or customers.
When Harbor Freight associates information that it obtains from third parties with Personal Information collected under this Privacy Policy, we will treat the acquired information like the Personal Information that we collected ourselves and, except as permitted by this Privacy Policy, the Personal Information will not be shared with third parties.
D.
Privacy Preferences/Opt-Out If at anytime you would like to be removed from any/all Harbor Freight marketing lists, newsletters, distribution lists, or the like, you may do so by contacting us in any of the ways identified in Section H.
Please remember to include your email address, name, mailing address and telephone number in any request.
  The best way to opt-out is to use the link at the bottom of email messages you receive.
  That tool provides a one-click confirmation opt-out.
  If you choose not to use that link, you may also send an email request to mktdelano@harborfreight22.
com with the word “REMOVE” in the subject line and your email address in the body.
  This secondary method may take up to 30 days to remove your address from the file.
E.
California Privacy Rights Pursuant to Section 1798.
83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of Personal Information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year.
To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Harbor Freight pursuant to Section 1798.
83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us pursuant to any method identified in Section H.
F.
Children's Privacy Policy Harbor Freight does not sell products for purchase by children.
  If you are under 18, you may use harborfreight.
com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
  Harbor Freight does not intend to collect any personally identifiable information from children through the Harbor Freight Sites.
Please do not allow children under the age of 18 to provide any personally identifiable information related to our Sites.
If we determine that a child under 18 has provided Personal Information in violation of this policy, we will delete that information as soon as practical.
If you become aware that such information has been provided by a child under 18, please notify us by contacting a Harbor Freight Customer Call Center in any of the ways identified in Section H.
Please be certain to include in the subject line Privacy Policy Request.
G.
Security Limitations No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
While we strive to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, Harbor Freight cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us on our Sites.
H.
How to Contact Harbor Freight You may contact us in one of the following ways: 1.
Send an e-mail to: cs@harborfreight.
com with “Internet Customer Service” in the subject line 2.
Call 1-800-444-3353 Monday through Friday, 6:00 a.
m.
-9:00 p.
m.
PST; 3.
Send your request by mail to: Harbor Freight Tools 3491 Mission Oaks Boulevard Camarillo, CA 93011 ATTN: Internet Customer Service I.
Changes to the Privacy and Security Statement We may change this Privacy and Security Policy at any time in our sole discretion.
Any updates to our Privacy and Security Policy will be posted on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Continued use of our Sites, Stores, Customer Call Centers or other Harbor Freight services following our posting of the change notice or an updated Privacy and Security Policy will constitute binding acceptance of those changes.
We thank you for your business.
1.
What is the main reason for your visit today? Checking prices before visiting a store Just looking Buying something online 2.
Have you ever been to a Harbor Freight store or harborfreight.
com before? Store Both Website Neither 3.
Did you find what you were looking for? Yes No If "no", what were you looking for?: 4.
What could we do to make your online shopping experience better? Submit Feedback of delivering quality tools at affordable prices.
Corporate Information About Us Careers Product Review Guidelines Security &amp; Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Real Estate California Transparency in Supply Chain Act Disclosure Supplier Code of Conduct customer service customer service create new account extended service protection FAQ Recall safety information return policy shipping info More Ways to Buy New Items Gift Cards Inside Track Club Printable Order Form Wishlist Español Blog Connect with HFT Join the official Harbor Freight Tools facebook page Check out our blog for product videos and information Products demos and how-to videos Follow us on Twitter © Copyright 2012 Harbor Freight Tools, All Rights Reserved.
MATERIAL AND PHOTOS ON THIS SITE ARE THE COPYRIGHTED PROPERTY OF HARBOR FREIGHT TOOLS AND MAY NOT BE USED WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN PERMISSION OF HARBOR FREIGHT TOOLS.
Harbor Freight does not endorse any other business or organization or any technique in any customer video.
Always follow all of the instructions and warnings included with our products.
Harbor Freight makes no representation or warranty of any kind by including this video on its website.
LIFETIME WARRANTY Lifetime Warranty on Hand Tools! We guarantee our Hand Tools to be free from defects in material and workmanship for the life of the product.
Limitations apply.
ABOUT HARBOR FREIGHT TOOLS At Harbor Freight Tools you'll find one of the largest selections of brand-name discount tools, including hand tools, power tools.
.
.
anything that fits into your tool box, and bigger equipment too! Make Harbor Freight Tools your first stop for the best prices on: Chicago Electric, Pittsburgh, Central Machinery, Central Hydraulic, Central Forge.
.
.
then load-up your tool box! What customers like best about Harbor Freight Tools is that they won't find better discount tools, including hand tools and power tools, for lower prices anywhere else! Plus we're so sure you'll love the value of our hand tools, we back them with a lifetime warranty on all our hand tools! 
