 Avid Aviator Privacy Statement Previous Page Click on the pages you want: SEARCH Pilot Supplies Flight Bags Pilot FAA Test Prep Books Pilot FAA Test Prep Software AMT FAA Test Prep Books AMT FAA Test Prep Software Other Training Materials Flight Computers and Plotters Aviation Books      Complete List      Instruction      Piloting      Reference      Specialties      IFR Flight and Training      Certified Flight Instructor      Navigation      Communication      Exams and Checkrides      Weather      Helicopters      Aviation Maintenance Technician Aviation Training Videos IFR Flight Simulators Flight Simulator Controls Flight SIM Yoke Transceivers Headsets Miscellaneous Avionics Handmade Aircraft Replicas Aviation Tee Shirts Sunglasses Click here to SEARCH this site.
Privacy Statement for www.
avidaviator.
com Your Goodie Box has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.
avidaviator.
com.
Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart if one is used at the link you select.
Our sites use cookies to keep track of your shopping carts.
This site contains links to other sites.
Avid Aviator is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Sites that we link to use an order form for customers to request information, products, and services.
We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address).
Contact information from the order forms is used to send orders to our customers.
The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Security This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
The data you send to us in the order form is encrypted while in transit to us.
Choice/Opt-Out Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to avidaviator(AT)avidaviator.
com.
Replace AT with @.
Correct/Update This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
email avidaviator(AT)avidaviator.
com.
Replace (AT) with @.
Contacting the Web Site If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact Web Site Administrator Avid Aviator 124 Forest Lane Lexington, SC 29073 USA avidaviator(AT)avidaviator.
com.
Replace (AT) with @.
