 Skip main navigation Cambiar a español My Account CLUB Visa Account Wish List View Cart  (0 Items) $0.
00 Checkout Search All ProductsBargain CaveArticles &amp; InformationGun Library for Home Find a Store Gift Cards Gift Shop Catalog Quick Order  (order by item number) Archery Optics Trail Cameras Decoys Game Calls Hunting Bags &amp; Packs Treestands Blinds Waterfowl Boating &amp; Blinds Hunting Accessories Scents &amp; Scent Eliminators Survival &amp; Navigation Handheld GPS &amp; Accessories Two-Way Radios Lights Outfitter's Camp Knives &amp; Tools After the Shot Scouting &amp; Feeders Dog Training &amp; Supplies Related Categories Men's Hunting Clothing Women's Hunting Clothing Kid's Camo &amp; Hunting Clothing Ammunition Shooting Action Cameras Food Processing CLUB Visa Gear Guide See Also Gun Library Hunting Trips ATV Shop Outdoor Information Free Catalogs Deer Nation Other Ways to Shop Hunting: New 2012 Bows Optics Sale New Hunting Clothing Ammunition Reloading Black Powder Gun Storage Gun Maintenance Shooting Accessories Firearm Components Optics Tactical Gear Cowboy Action Airguns &amp; Slingshots Handguns Centerfire Rifles Rimfire Rifles Shotguns Civil War Firearms Related Categories Shooting &amp; Reloading DVDs &amp; Videos Shooting &amp; Reloading Books Shooting Vests Shooting Gloves Shooting Shirts Hearing Protection Action Cameras CLUB Visa Gear Guide See Also Gun Library Hunting Trips Outdoor Information Free Catalogs Other Ways to Shop Shooting: Ammo Sale 2012 Tactical Gear AR-15 Shop Home &amp; Personal Defense Rod &amp; Reel Combos Fishing Rods Fishing Reels Fishing Line Terminal Tackle Hard Baits Soft Baits Swimbaits Fishing Jigs &amp; Rigs Fish Attractant &amp; Bait Fly Fishing Saltwater Fishing Beginner Fishing Ice Fishing Rod &amp; Reel Storage Tackle Storage Tackle Craft Fishing Tools Related Categories Boating Trolling Gear Action Cameras Men's Fishing Clothing Men's Waders Women's Fishing Clothing Women's Waders &amp; Boots Sunglasses CLUB Visa Gear Guide See Also Outdoor Information Fishing Trips Boats &amp; Boat Centers Free Catalogs Other Ways to Shop Fishing: Fishing Sale New for 2012 Umbrella Rigging Boating Electronics Electric Trolling Motors Trolling Gear Outboards &amp; Accessories Boat Covers Boat Seats Boating Accessories Batteries &amp; Chargers Boat Lighting Carpet &amp; Floor Coverings Life Jackets &amp; Vests Watersports Canoes, Kayaks, &amp; Small Boats Waterfowl Boating &amp; Blinds Livewells, Bilge Pumps, &amp; Hatches Rod Holders &amp; Storage Trailer Accessories Anchoring &amp; Docking Storage Canopies Related Categories Travel Trailers &amp; RV Towing &amp; Performance Survival &amp; Navigation Action Cameras Sunglasses Men's Boat &amp; Water Shoes Women's Boat &amp; Water Shoes Men's Rainwear Women's Rainwear CLUB Visa Gear Guide See Also Outdoor Information Boats &amp; Boat Centers ATV Shop Free Catalogs Other Ways to Shop Boating: New for 2012:&amp;nbspElectronics&amp;nbsp&amp;nbsp&amp;nbspAccessories Tents Sleeping Bags Cots, Pads, &amp; Beds Camping Combos Camp Essentials Camp Furniture Lights Packs Luggage &amp; Travel Outdoor Cooking Knives &amp; Tools Survival &amp; Navigation Handheld GPS &amp; Accessories Two Way Radios Binoculars Outdoor Living Outdoor Games &amp; Toys Related Categories Travel Trailers &amp; RV Canoes &amp; Kayaks Action Cameras Sunglasses Men's Casual Clothing Women's Casual Clothing Men's Hiking Boots Women's Hiking Boots Emergency Readiness CLUB Visa Gear Guide See Also Outdoor Information Free Catalogs ATV Shop Boats &amp; Boat Centers Other Ways to Shop Camping: Camping Sale Lighting Sale Emergency Readiness Auto Interior Auto Exterior GPS &amp; Radar Detectors Trailering &amp; Performance Garage &amp; Auto Maintenance Batteries &amp; Chargers Generators &amp; Accessories ATV &amp; UTV Accessories Mowers &amp; Implements Winter Sports &amp; Snow Removal 5th Wheel &amp; RV Trailering &amp; Performance Storage Canopies Snowmobile Accessories Golf Cart Accessories Related Categories Survival &amp; Navigation Canoes, Kayaks, &amp; Small Boats Trailer Accessories Luggage &amp; Travel Outdoor Games &amp; Toys Two Way Radios Emergency Readiness Action Cameras CLUB Visa Gear Guide See Also Outdoor Information Free Catalogs Boats &amp; Boat Centers ATV Shop Other Ways to Shop Auto &amp; ATV: Severe Weather Products Auto/ATV Sale Men’s Casual Casual Shirts Sweatshirts T-Shirts Sweaters Casual Pants Jeans Shorts Outerwear Rainwear Workwear Fishing Clothing Base Layers Gloves Headwear Sleepwear Belts Socks Accessories Men’s Hunting Lightweight Camo Camo Rainwear Specialty Clothing Scent Control Waterfowl Upland Layering Cold Weather Camo Blaze Orange Base Layers Shooting Clothing Vests Tactical &amp; Military Gloves Headwear Socks Accessories Women’s Casual Tops Pants, Shorts, &amp; Skirts Outerwear Activewear Workwear Sleepwear &amp; Base Layer Accessories Fishing Hunting Kid's Camo Clothing Boys' Clothing Boys' Outerwear Girls' Clothing Girls' Outerwear Infant &amp; Toddler Clothing Infant &amp; Toddler Outerwear Related Categories Men's Casual Footwear Men's Hunting Boots Men's Waders Women's Footwear Kids' Footwear Outdoor Living Luggage &amp; Travel Emergency Readiness CLUB Visa Gear Guide See Also Outdoor Information Free Catalogs Other Ways to Shop Clothing: 2012 Workwear Cabela's Logo Shop New Hunting Clothing Men’s Hiking Boots Hunting Boots Pac &amp; Winter Boots Rubber Boots Tactical &amp; Duty Work &amp; Western Casual Athletic Shoes Boat &amp; Water Shoes Sandals Slippers Waders Socks Women’s Casual Athletic Boat &amp; Water Shoes Sandals Slides &amp; Clogs Hiking Boots &amp; Shoes Hunting Boots Work, Western &amp; Casual Boots Winter Footwear Waders &amp; Boots Slippers &amp; Moccasins Socks Wader Accessories Kids' Footwear Snowshoes &amp; Accessories Footwear Accessories Related Categories Men's Hunting Clothing Women's Hunting Clothing Men's Casual Clothing Women's Clothing Kids' Clothing CLUB Visa Gear Guide See Also Outdoor Information Free Catalogs Other Ways to Shop Footwear: 2012 Workwear Hunting Boots Cabela's Exclusive Footwear Bed &amp; Bath Home &amp; Cabin Decor Furniture Lighting Kitchen &amp; Dining Outdoor Living Yard &amp; Garden Weather Instruments Food Outdoor Cooking Luggage &amp; Travel Personal Items Dog Supplies Food Processing Food Grinders Slicers Food Dehydrators Canning &amp; Accessories Smokers &amp; Accessories Vacuum Sealers Butchering Knives &amp; Tools Jerky Making Sausage Making Related Categories Cooking &amp; Food Processing Books Butchering &amp; Food Processing DVD's &amp; Videos Hobbies Garage &amp; Auto Maintenance Emergency Readiness CLUB Visa Gear Guide Other Ways to Shop Home &amp; Cabin: Emergency Readiness Home &amp; Personal Defense Games &amp; Toys Video Games DVDs &amp; Videos Books &amp; Calendars Radios Weather Instruments Eyewear Watches &amp; Jewelry Personal Items Metal Detectors &amp; Gold Prospecting Golf Cart Accessories Birding Rock Polishing Winemaking &amp; Brewing Astronomy Blowguns Related Categories Women's Casual Clothing Accessories Men's Casual Clothing Accessories Emergency Readiness CLUB Visa Gear Guide See Also Outdoor Information Other Ways to Shop Hobbies: Cabela's Video Games Emergency Readiness Customer Service Contact Us Email Us Live Chat Questions &amp; Answers Track Your Order Sizing Charts Return Policy Shipping Info Legendary Guarantee Pricing/Specifications Gun Restrictions International Shopping Site Map Privacy Policy Security Certificate Special Orders Privacy Policy Last updated June 8, 2011 Cabelas.
com is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program.
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.
cabelas.
com.
The statement does not include the privacy practices for partnered sites.
We encourage our users who visit external sites from links within Cabelas.
com to read the privacy statements of those sites, as their privacy practices may differ from ours.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us via Customer Service e-mail or by calling 1-800-237-4444.
If you prefer to write us our postal address is below.
If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe.
TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns.
Cabela's Inc.
One Cabela Drive Sidney, NE 69160 E-mail Customer Service Welcome to the Cabela's Online Store.
In order to make you feel comfortable and secure in our online store, Cabela's has taken numerous precautions to guard your security while making purchases online.
Our goal is to make you feel as comfortable shopping here as you would from our catalog or retail showrooms.
For each visitor to our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
What personally identifiable information is being collected? When you visit the Cabela's Web site, in order for us to provide you with the products or services that you have requested, you may be asked to provide us with personally identifiable information.
For example, when you order a product, we may ask you to become a registered user of our site, during which you will be asked for your name, shipping and billing addresses, your e-mail address, and your credit card number or other payment-related information.
If you request one of our newsletters or send an inquiry to one of our customer service representatives, we will also store a record of your request along with your e-mail address.
In addition, our Web servers track various technical details about your visit, such as you computer's IP address and which pages you visited, however that information does not typically contain any personally identifiable information about you.
We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer's name.
We do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.
When you order a gift certificate you are given the opportunity to include the name and a message for the party receiving the gift certificate.
This information is only captured as part of this specific order process and is not stored.
How is the information being used? The information we collect is used to provide the products and services that you have requested or that we think you might have an interest in.
It is also used to improve the content of our Web site, to notify you of problems with your requests, or to update you about changes to our Web site.
With whom do we share your information? In order to operate this Web site and in order to provide you with the products and services you have requested, we occasionally need to share information with third parties.
We may transmit your personal information to service providers who assist us in processing orders, shipping products to you, processing your payment information, sending you catalogs, conducting surveys, on and offline sweepstakes, processing job applications, sending you e-mails and newsletters, and helping us decide whether to extend credit to you (for example, the Cabela's CLUB Visa card).
We have agreements with these service providers that they will protect your privacy in accordance with our standard Privacy Statement.
Some of those organizations may have their own Privacy Statements which may give you additional protections, so you are encouraged to read those statements when presented to you.
We use Webtrends, a service provider, to help us gather and analyze information about our customers (anonymous traffic, and from time to time, individual user activity) on our website.
Webtrends' only role is to help us conduct our business and deliver the most relevant products and services.
They are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We also use a service provider, Kenexa, for tracking and processing of job applications.
No personally identifiable information is collected unless specifically entered by the user.
This information is only used in connection with applying for a position at Cabela's Inc.
You may review the Kenexa Privacy Statement or to have your information deleted from the career database, please email "Privacy@Kenexa.
com".
We contract with Dotomi to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this site.
They will collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site, and your interaction with our products and services.
They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements for goods and services.
These targeted advertisements may appear on our site or on other sites that you visit.
The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites.
No personally identifiable information is collected in this process.
If you do not want Dotomi to collect this information you may opt out.
Opting out will not in any way effect your use of our site.
Tell A Colleague If you choose to use our referral service on the Corporate Outfitter section of our site to email a colleague, we will ask you for that email address only.
We will automatically send that person a one-time email inviting them to visit the site.
We do not store the email address or any information included and it is only used for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
How do I access, update, or delete my personally identifiable information? If you are a registered user of the Web site, you can manage many aspects of your registration information.
For security reasons, however, some parts of your personal information may not be changed online and may require you to call or write to us in order to verify your identity before such changes can be made.
The online registration area will also permit you to exercise control over the use of your e-mail address, allowing you to opt-out of future e-mail messages from this Web site.
Unfortunately, due to various legal and recordkeeping requirements, we may be required to maintain records about your purchases or other activities on this website.
However, you will always be permitted to opt-out of any marketing uses of information stored about you.
If you prefer to manage your personal information via other means, you may contact us by postal mail at: Cabela's Inc.
One Cabela Drive Sidney, NE 69160 E-mail Customer Service Information about the CLUB Visa Program When you apply for the Cabela's CLUB Visa Card, we submit your information to the companies which process the credit application.
If you are approved, you will receive e-mails about special offers for CLUB members, as well as the CLUB Outdoor Review Newsletter.
We will also send you, via e-mail and postal mail, information about the terms and conditions that apply to your CLUB account, as well as various notices required by law.
In addition to your registration information stored by Cabela's, the bank which issues the Visa Card, will also hold your information.
In accordance with federal law, the bank which issues the Visa Card will also provide you with information regarding the bank's privacy policy.
If you have any questions regarding the operation of the CLUB Visa program, please contact us by e-mailing "club.
e-mail@cabelas.
com" or write to: Cabela's CLUB One Cabela Drive Sidney, NE 69160 What information will be disclosed if required by law? If required by law, we may provide any and all information we have about you to law enforcement or other government agencies, pursuant to a subpoena, warrant, or other order by a court of competent jurisdiction.
In all cases, we will require written documentation of the request, proof of the identity of the law enforcement official making the request, and we will take steps to authenticate the validity of the request.
Any law enforcement or government agency request submitted with less than a court-issued order will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis according to the need and urgency, as well as the particular law enforcement agency making the request.
What personal information is collected in Cabela's Talk Forums and Trophy Rooms? On certain portions of our Web site, we provide message board and chat features.
Those features may require you to provide additional registration information, such as creating a username and password, providing an e-mail address or other information.
It is important to understand that when you participate in online discussions, any information you choose to provide is considered "public knowledge" and it is your responsibility to protect your own privacy.
If you register to use the chat or message board features, we will keep your information private, in accordance with this policy.
You have the choice of making certain information about yourself available to other users of the system.
It is your responsibility to manage your account settings in order to maintain the level of privacy that you desire.
If you inadvertently post private or other inappropriate information, we will do our best to assist you in removing it, but we will not be responsible for any problems arising from your errors.
The message boards and chat features are provided without any warranty and you use them at your own risk.
What are cookies and how do we use them? A cookie is a block of text placed in a file on the user's hard drive by a Web site you've visited.
These types of cookies cannot identify an individual user specifically, such as by name or address, unless the cookie data is attached to personally identifiable information such as online registration.
Cabela's uses cookies to observe our site visitor's navigation throughout the site.
This helps us identify ways to improve the shopping experience.
Cabela's also uses a session cookie, which is a piece of identification between your browser and our server, which helps to do things like keep track of the items in a user's shopping cart, and other information.
The shopping cart cookie is saved for a designated period of time in case the users' session expires or they return to complete a purchase within that time frame.
For the convenience of our users, we also place a cookie on the users' computer when they log in to our talk forums.
This gives the advantage of not having to log back in when moving between the talk forums and the rest of the site.
We do not link cookies to Personally Identifiable Information.
What choices are available to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of the information and how you can correct any inaccuracies in information? If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by calling, sending an e-mail, or by writing to us at the above postal address and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.
If you provide us with your e-mail address, you may receive messages about your order status, issues regarding the operations of this Web site, and messages from subsidiaries of Cabela's and other companies with operational relationships to Cabela's.
You may modify your e-mail preferences by calling 1-800-237-8888 or, if you are a registered member at Cabelas.
com, you may change them in the My Account section.
If you complete the form to receive our investor package or sign up for SEC alerts via e-mail your information is provided to a third party specifically for those services and will not be used in any other manner.
If you provide us with your postal address, you may receive periodic catalogs from us, or other notices containing information about new products and services or upcoming events.
On occasion, we may make our postal mailing address lists available to subsidiaries and affiliated companies that are part of the Cabela's family of companies.
We may also make our postal mailing address lists available to other direct mail companies who we believe may have products and services of interest to our customers.
However, we do not share e-mail addresses with any outside organizations for marketing purposes.
If you do not wish to receive postal mailings from Cabela's, its subsidiaries, or third-party organizations, please let us know by calling, sending an e-mail, or writing to us at the above postal address.
Please provide us with your exact name and postal address and state which lists you wish to be removed from so that we can be sure your information is removed from future mailing lists.
We will request your telephone number or facsimile (FAX) number, and if you provide it, you may receive telephone or FAX contact from us with information regarding your orders, requests for information or in reference to valuable offers from us.
We do not sell or rent phone numbers.
Security What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control? Cabela's values your business and is committed to doing everything possible to make our online ordering process secure.
As always, our 100% satisfaction guarantee applies to any and all purchases from Cabela's.
Secure Ordering Process Any credit card information you enter on our site is strongly encrypted by industry-standard protocol, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer).
The Cabela's Web site uses SSL to communicate with secure browsers like Netscape and Internet Explorer.
These browsers encrypt your credit card and personal information in a way that makes it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept and misuse while being transmitted between your computer and our server.
Don't worry if your browser is secure or not - if it is insecure, you will not be able to purchase on our online store.
Once you have completed your order online, our security procedures do not end.
We take appropriate precautions to protect the security and privacy of the information stored on our computer networks.
Many of the systems which store your personal information are not connected to the Internet, reducing the likelihood of security breaches.
Our systems are also housed in secure facilities, and access to your data by our employees is limited to a "need to know" basis, controlled by password protected systems, and monitored for abuse.
If you are still unsure of giving your credit card over the Internet, please feel free to phone, fax, or mail your order to us.
For telephone ordering or assistance, please call 1-800-237-4444.
Our fax number for orders is 1-800-496-6329 (for US/Canada 1-308-254-2200).
Or, send your order to: Cabela's Attn: Order Processing One Cabela Drive Sidney, NE 69160 If you have any further question regarding your online security, please contact us at 1-800-237-8888 or e-mail Customer Service.
Children In accordance with federal law, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without the verifiable permission of a parent or guardian.
If you are under age 13, you are welcome to browse our Web site.
However you are not permitted to use any of the features of our site that require the collection of any personally identifiable information.
If we determine that we have erroneously collected a child's information, we will immediately undertake to delete that data from our records.
Changes in this Privacy Statement We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
You have no recently viewed items.
Call 1-800-237-4444 E-mail Live Chat Questions &amp; Answers Track Your Order Return Policy Shipping Info Legendary Guarantee Security Certificate Pricing/Specifications Gun Restrictions Bargain Cave Retail Stores Gift Cards Special Orders Catalog Quick Order Free Catalog International Shopping Sizing Charts Customer Reviews Site Map Cabela’s CLUB Visa Pay My Visa Cabela’s CLUB REWARDS Our History Investor Relations Careers Cabela’s Television Cabela’s Magazine Conservation Partners Brand Partners Sponsored Events Support &amp; Advertising Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Watch us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Gun Library Boats &amp; Boat Centers ATV Shops Banquet Facilities Outdoor Adventures Travel Service Trophy Properties TAGS Corporate Sales Government Outfitters New Product Division Deer Nation™ Articles &amp; Information Talk Forums Game &amp; Fish Info Trophy Room Pro Staff Affiliate Programs Cabela's E-Mail Sign-Up Our e-mail is filled with deals, news, sneak previews, top-rated products, e-mail only specials and more.
©1996-2012 Cabela's Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Please read Cabela's Privacy Policy and Legal Notices.
       
