 Universal Time:  Wednesday, 10 Oct 2012, 18:33    National News Local Weather Report Interactive Weather Map Extended Forecast Hourly Forecast Past Observations Past Observations Summary Historic Averages National Current Weather Today's Forecast Tomorrow's Forecast Radar Current Radar Forecast Radar Radar Summary Yesterday's Radar Loop 1Km Radar Metro Radar Nexrad Base Reflectivity Radial Velocity Surface Analysis Current Surface Analysis Mixed Surface Analysis 12-Hour Surface Forecast 24-Hour Surface Forecast 36-Hour Surface Forecast 48-Hour Surface Forecast Satellite National Infrared Satellite Regional Infrared Satellite Visible Satellite Water Vapor Temperature Current Temperatures High Temperatures Today High Temperatures Tomorrow Low Temperatures Tomorrow TEMPcast Wind Chill Feels Like Temps Temp Departure 10 Day Temp Departure 30 Day Temp Departure 90 Day Temp Departure Frost &amp; Freeze First &amp; Last Freeze 24hr Deltas Outdoors SOLARcast Summer Fun Gardening Plant Watering Painting Golfing Golf Turf Conditions UV Report Sky Watch Precipitation PRECIPcast RAINcast POPcast Estimated Rainfall Daily Precipitation Weekly Precipitation 10 Day Precip Departure 30 Day Precip Departure 90 Day Precip Departure Wind Current Winds WINDcast Jet Stream Humidity Current Humidity Indoor Relative Humidity HUMIDITYcast FOGcast Dew Point Analysis Charts WSI SuperFax 300MB Upper Air 500MB Upper Air 850MB Upper Air 24hr Difax 48hr Difax 72hr Difax Global Relative Humidity Surface Analysis Satellite Current Satellite Infrared Satellite Temperature Current Temperatures Minimum Temperatures Maximum Temperatures Sunshine Precipitation Current Precipitation AM Precipitation Forecast PM Precipitation Forecast Wind Current Winds Forecast Winds Storms Severe Weather Weather Alerts Watches &amp; Warnings 1Km Storm Watch Metro Storm Watch Severe Outlook Today Severe Outlook Tomorrow Lightning Strikes THUNDERcast Water Vapor Hurricane Active Track 24hr Tropical Winds 48hr Tropical Winds 72hr Tropical Winds Atlantic Analysis Atlantic Satellite Atlantic Forecast Caribbean Satellite Pacific Analysis Pacific Satellite Season Summaries 2011 Hurricane Summary 2010 Hurricane Summary 2009 Hurricane Summary 2008 Hurricane Summary 2007 Hurricane Summary 2006 Hurricane Summary 2005 Hurricane Summary 2004 Hurricane Summary 2003 Hurricane Summary 2002 Hurricane Summary 2001 Hurricane Summary 2000 Hurricane Summary 1999 Hurricane Summary 1998 Hurricane Summary Health Aches &amp; Pains Air Stagnation Attentiveness Bad Hair Day Influenza Report Labor Index Mood Index Reflex Times Respiratory Distress Travel Delay Risk Outlook Airport Delays Climate Guides Driving Traffic Report Gas Prices Highway Conditions Roadway Conditions Top Up Top Down Ski &amp; Snow Interactive Snow Cover Ski Conditions Snow Cover SNOWcast 48hr Snow Forecast 24hr Snow Forecast Boat &amp; Beach Great Sailing Water Temperatures Wave Heights Marine Forecast Community This Week in Weather Gadgets Tools Weather E-mail iNAV Desktop Weather Forecast 10-Day Weather Report Hourly Radar Surface Temperature Precipitation Rain Thunder Winds Humidity Current Radar Surface Temperatures Temperature Changes Precipitation Winds Humidity Radar Current Current Loops Forecast Regional (1Km) Regional (1Km) Loop Metro Metro Loop Summary Java Radar Loop Satellite Global Infrared US National Infrared US Regional Infrared Atlantic Infrared Satellite Pacific Infrared Satellite Caribbean Infrared Satellite Visible Satellite Current Satellite Water Vapor wxMap iNav Sign-In to Add to iNav Sign-In Help Hurricanes Alerts Privacy Policy Home » About Us » Privacy Policy EFFECTIVE AS OF March 5, 2007 WSI Corporation ("WSI") is strongly committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect, use and share information we gather about you on WSI's Web sites and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to correct the information.
This Privacy Policy applies only to WSI's Web sites and WSI's Internet-enabled services.
We hope that this disclosure will enhance your experience on the Internet and reinforce the trust that you place in WSI's products and services.
Information Collected Online Most of the information provided by WSI is offered without our collecting any personally identifiable information from you.
For instance, you can view weather conditions in your hometown or anywhere in the world without giving out any personally identifiable information.
In order to maximize your experience and to provide you with enhanced products and services, however, WSI collects personally identifiable information (e.
g.
, name, e-mail address, etc.
) and demographic data (e.
g.
, zip code, gender, birth date, interests, etc.
) that you voluntarily supply to us.
When you make a purchase or sign up for one of our premium services, we will also collect your billing address, phone number, and credit card information.
Some examples of instances when we collect personally identifiable information include when you: Subscribe to our premium or enhanced services.
Examples include Intellicast e-mail (weather information delivered to you via e-mail), Desktop Weather (a software application which you can download to your desktop to receive weather information).
Complete a survey Register for a promotion, contest or sweepstakes Make a purchase from our online store Send us an e-mail message Submit a photo to the photo gallery Participate in an online forum or community, or Customize intellicast.
com.
Thus, you have a choice as to whether to provide your personally identifiable information.
Although you are not required to disclose any personally identifiable information to us, portions of our Web site and other specialized services may be unavailable to you without such information.
How We Use Your Information We use the information you provide in a limited number of ways.
We may use the information to service your account, conduct a transaction that you have requested, display information and advertisements that match your interests and profile, notify you if you've won a contest or sweepstakes and compile demographic statistics about our users.
We may on occasion combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from other parties to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you.
How We Share Your Information One of the most valuable assets of our business is you.
WSI does not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except as described below.
intellicast.
com and its Affiliates We provide you with the opportunity to opt in to receive special offers from intellicast.
com and it affiliates.
If you opt in, WSI and its affiliates will use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from intellicast.
com and its affiliates, including WSI Corporation.
Companies Offering Promotions, Products, or Services In two types of instances, we provide you with the opportunity to opt-in to receive promotions, products or services from third party sponsors: 1) only with your permission, WSI will periodically send to you, via e-mail, offers and promotions from our third party sponsors which we select based upon your interests or user profile.
In these instances, we do not share your personally identifiable information with the third party sponsors-we do the mailing for them.
Additionally, you will always have the opportunity, with each e-mail, to opt-out of receiving future offers.
2) In other instances, we provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services from specifically identified third parties directly through our site.
In these instances, you must explicitly consent to receive each offer.
When you explicitly agree to receive offers from specific third parties, your personally identifiable information is shared with the specific third party to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested.
All information provided to third parties is governed by the Privacy Policies of these third parties.
We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties, and you should review the Privacy Policies of these parties before supplying personally identifiable information to them.
Third-Party Processors When you submit your personal information on the intellicast.
com Web site, it may be shared with a reputable third party ("Third Party Processors").
These Third Party Processors may include, for example, companies that operate our online store and companies that process credit card information or handle shipping for WSI.
These Third Party Processors may organize, administer, process, and/or analyze data on our behalf to help us provide more relevant offers to you and to eliminate the delivery of duplicate offers.
In addition, these Third Party Processors correct and/or update users' data based on information we provide them.
We may also use Third Party Processors to deliver materials to you via e-mail or postal service.
The data we provide to Third Party Processors is securely stored and maintained by them so that it can be accessed when needed for future purposes.
Further, all such Third Party Processors are contractually bound by us to keep the information confidential.
All information provided to Third Party Processors is used by them only to carry out the service they are providing for WSI.
Links to Other Web Sites Like many Web sites on the Internet, WSI links to pages located on Web sites maintained by various other entities not bound by our Privacy Policy.
In some cases you may link to pages of other Web sites that are framed with elements of intellicast.
com such as in the header or footer.
The URL will identify the site you are visiting.
We are not responsible for the information collection practices of other Web sites.
The Privacy Policies of other organizations may differ from ours, for example, with respect to the level of security, use of cookies, and collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information.
Other Limitations on Privacy We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission (i) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders; (ii) where WSI believes our property or an individual's safety or security is at risk; iii) if we find that your actions violate our Legal Restrictions and Terms of Use; or iv) where otherwise required by law.
E-mail a Friend If you choose to use a service that allows you to e-mail a page of our site to a friend, we do not have access to and do not collect any personally identifiable information regarding you or your friend.
IP Addresses, Cookies, Web Beacons and Gifs WSI and Third Party Processors acting on our behalf uses various Internet technologies which help us to manage our site operations and track usage behavior so that we can tailor information and advertisements to make your visits more enjoyable and meaningful.
These Internet technologies include: IP Addresses: random numbers assigned to individual computers which WSI uses to administer our Web site and help diagnose problems with our servers.
Cookies: small electronic files transferred from our Web site to your hard drive.
Cookies enable WSI to recognize repeat visitors, track usage behavior and facilitate your access to and use of our site.
If you wish, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a Cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all Cookies.
You can do this by resetting your browser (such as Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings.
Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your Cookies.
If you turn Cookies off, however, you won't have access to many of the features which make your experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Web Beacons (sometimes called single-pixel Gifs): electronic images that allow WSI to count users who have visited certain Web pages we wish to track.
For example, WSI may include Web Beacons in promotional e-mail messages in order to count how many messages have been opened and acted upon.
Web Beacons may also be placed by our advertising partners on WSI Web pages to help determine the effectiveness of Internet advertising campaigns.
Information that is collected via IP Address, Cookie and Web Beacon technologies is not personally identifiable.
However, if you choose to provide WSI with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in these technologies.
In addition, we may share aggregate (not individual) site usage statistics and demographic information with advertisers and other third parties, but this information will not include any personally identifiable information.
Personal information about you as an individual will not be provided to any third party without your consent, except under the circumstances described above in the "Third Party Processors" and "Other Limitations on Privacy" sections.
To obtain information about the privacy and security practices of Google Analytics, a Third Party Processor with which WSI contracts to assist it in tracking site usage using these Internet technologies, view Google's Privacy Policy.
Use of Cookie and Web Beacon Technology by Advertisers and Ad Serving Networks WSI works with Real Media, DoubleClick and other third parties to serve ads on our site.
Some of these ads contain Cookies and/or Web Beacons that are used to track user behavior.
This privacy policy does not cover the use of Cookies or Web Beacons set by Real Media, DoubleClick or any other third party advertisers.
WSI does not have control over, or even access to, the information contained in these third party Cookies or Web Beacons.
For more information about how Real Media uses the information collected by these Cookies and Web Beacons, please review Real Media's Privacy Policy.
For more information about how DoubleClick uses the information collected by these Cookies and Web Beacons, please review DoubleClick's Privacy Policy.
For more information about how Revenue Science uses the information collected by these Cookies and Web Beacons, please review Revenue Science's Privacy Policy.
For more information about how Prospectiv uses the information collected by these Cookies and Web Beacons, please review Prospectiv's Privacy Policy.
Opting-Out, Corrections and Cancellations In order to receive an offer or promotion from WSI or a third party, a user must have chosen to receive it during a registration process.
To completely ensure that we have your consent, we make sure that each e-mail we send you presents the additional opportunity to opt-out of receiving future e-mails.
To reset your password, update your personally identifiable information, correct any information, make changes to your preferences, unsubscribe to any e-mail subscriptions or to opt-out of any services, you may e-mail intellicast at: feedback@intellicast.
com.
Children's Privacy WSI is committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents' or guardians' consent before giving out any personal information.
Our Web site may contain links to third party Web sites geared to children.
The linked sites are not under the control of WSI.
We are not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site, nor are we responsible for the privacy practices of the operators of those sites with respect to children.
We strongly encourage parents and guardians to review the Privacy Policies of all linked sites.
Our Commitment to Security Keeping the information you provide to WSI secure is important to us.
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect and safeguard your data.
Of course, although WSI uses standard industry practices to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee that your communications with our site will never be unlawfully intercepted, or that your personal information will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties.
Changes to the Privacy Policy WSI reserves the right to alter our Privacy Policy as business needs require.
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
All changes to this policy will be posted on our Web site prior to the time they take effect.
In the event that we make material changes to the way we use personally identifiable information, affected consumers will be notified via e-mail and will be given the opportunity to opt-out.
WSI Interactive, Inc.
400 Minuteman Rd.
Andover, MA 01810 More from Intellicast Check Out Our Interactive Weather Map Articles Local Weather Maps US Weather Maps US Current Weather Global Weather Maps Weather Analysis Charts Active Storm Track Weather Tools Weather Center Weather Alerts Current National Weather Service Watches and Warnings by type and state throughout the United States.
Ski &amp; Snow The Ski &amp; Snow Section is where you can get the latest ski resort conditions and snow forecasts.
Search the Web:Powered by Local | National | Global | Storms | Health | Travel | Community About Us | Weather on your Site | Advertise with Us | Contact Us | Members | Help | Site Map | News Professional Weather Solutions: Aviation | Energy | Media Intellicast.
com: The Authority in Expert Weather Your use of this site constitutes your acceptance of the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy 2012 WSI Corporation - v4.
5.
001:ICAST-WEB3 Send this page to a friend Your Name: Your E-mail Address: Friend's E-mail Address: Thank you! Your referral has been sent.
Click here to send another one.
