 Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar POLITICO Mobile POLITICO Jobs RSS Expand Search by Author Any ReporterAllen, Jonathan Allen, Mike Berman, Dan Birnbaum, Gregg Boliek, Brooks Brannen, Kate Bresnahan, John Budoff Brown, Carrie Buford, Talia Burns, Alexander Byers, Alex Byers, Dylan Catanese, David Cheney, Kyle Cirilli, Kevin Coller, Andie Corba, Jacqueline Dixon, Darius Dovere, Edward-Isaac Epstein, Jennifer Epstein, Reid J.
Everett, Burgess Ewing, Philip French, Lauren Frerking, Beth Friess, Steve Gaskell, Stephanie Gavin, Patrick Gerstein, Josh Gibson, Ginger Glass, Andrew Glueck, Katie Goode, Darren Gordon, Craig Grieve, Tim Guillén, Alex Haberkorn, Jennifer Haberman, Maggie Harris, John F.
Heitz, Dianna Hillman, G.
RobertHohmann, James Isenstadt, Alex Kady II, Martin Kamen, Jess Kearney, Ryan Kenen, Joanne Kim, Seung Min King, Bob Krigman, Eliza Lee, MJ Levinthal, Dave Lovley, Erika Mahtesian, Charles Mak, Tim Mann, Aleesa Martin, Jonathan Martinson, Erica McCalmont, Lucy McDevitt, Caitlin McGann, Laura Meyers, Jessica Millman, Jason Munsil, Leigh Murgai, Puja Nather, David Nelson, Eric Nichols, Bill Nocera, Kate Norman, Brett Palmer, Anna Parti, Tarini Petersen, Olivia Quinn, Michelle Raju, Manu Rauf, David SalehReis, Patrick Restuccia, Andrew Robillard, Kevin Rogers, David Romano, Lois Romm, Tony Rosche, Jedd Samuelsohn, Darren Schatz, Joseph J.
Schultheis, Emily Sherman, Jake Simon, Roger Slack, Donovan Sloan, Steven Smith, Kathryn Smolkin, Rachel Snider, Adam Summers, Juana Tau, Byron Thrush, Glenn Titus, Elizabeth Tran, Vivyan Trowbridge, Alexander Van Dongen, Rachel VandeHei, Jim Vogel, Kenneth P.
Warmbrodt, Zachary Wasserman, Elizabeth Weinger, Mackenzie White, Ben Wolfe, Kathryn A.
Wong, Scott Wright, Austin Zapler, Mike Date Search POLITICO 2012 2012 Live Home Polling Center Swing-State Map Candidate Tracker Today's Calendar Election Results 44 Congress Blogs Burns &amp; Haberman Charlie Mahtesian Dylan Byers CLICK On Congress Josh Gerstein Joe Scarborough Arena Opinion Policy Finance Health Care Energy &amp; Environment Defense Technology Transportation &amp; Infrastructure Video Photos Bookshelf Events POLITICO Pro Privacy Policy Last Updated: November 4, 2011 This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for the www.
politico.
com website and all mobile websites and applications associated therewith (the "Site"), which is provided by POLITICO ("we" or "us"), a publication of POLITICO LLC.
This Privacy Policy governs our collection of information from you through your use of the Site.
It does not apply to any information you may provide to us through other means; for example, via mail or via telephone.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand our online privacy practices.
By visiting this Site, you agree that your visit and/or download or use of a mobile application, and any dispute over our online privacy practices, is governed by this Privacy Policy and our Visitor Agreement.
Questions regarding privacy issues should be directed to us at feedback@politico.
com or POLITICO, 1100 Wilson Blvd.
, 6th Floor, Arlington, VA 22209 TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT The information we gather falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by users to the Site through optional registration; and (2) tracking information gathered as users navigate through the Site.
Information You Provide To Us We may collect and store information, personal or otherwise, that you voluntarily supply either while on our Site or in responding via email in connection with a feature provided on our Site.
Some examples of this type of information include demographic information and personal information (such as your name, address, or email address) that you electronically submit when you register for certain features on our Site, participate in sweepstakes or contests offered on the Site, or sign up for email newsletters, and information that you post on message boards or other public posting areas on our Site.
We may also ask for information (including a credit card number) from those who purchase a subscription or conduct other transactions on our Site.
The information supplied will help us provide the product or service requested, offer you more personalized features and tailor the Site to your interests.
Supplying such information is entirely voluntary.
However, if you choose not to supply information requested, we may be unable to provide you with services made available to other users of the Site.
We also may collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate through our Site.
For example, to help make the Site more responsive to the needs of users, we employ a standard feature of browser software, called a "cookie," to assign each user a unique, random number that resides on a user's computer.
The cookie does not personally identify the user; it merely identifies the computer with which the user accesses the Site.
Unless a user voluntarily identifies himself or herself (through registration, for example), the Site will not be able to identify the identity of the user, even if a cookie is assigned to a user's computer.
The only personal information a cookie can contain is information supplied by a user.
We may also track device identification statistics and other non-identifying information for the purpose of analytics, push notifications, and error reporting.
By showing how and when visitors use the Site, cookies help us track user trends and patterns.
They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you have entered preference information before.
Of course, you are free to set your web browser not to accept cookies; however, doing so may render your computer unable to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users of the Site.
We also may use web beacons (also known as "single-pixel GIFs") to access cookies and to count users who visit our Site or open our HTML-formatted email messages.
And our Site's servers automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, including your IP address.
The IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send data - such as the web pages users view.
An IP address does not personally identify a user.
We use this information to deliver the Site's content to you upon request and to measure traffic within the Site.
We may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, and/or a third-party ad serving software, to collect non-personally identifiable information about users of our Site and about activity that occurs within our Site, and we may use this information to, among other things, serve targeted advertisements on our Site.
The information collected allows us to analyze how users use the site and to track user interests, trends and patterns.
We also may use third-party advertising companies to target and serve some of the advertisements that appear on our Site, and these companies likewise may use their own cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information from users of our Site.
The information collected by these companies does not identify you personally and does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number, but it may include the IP address of your computer.
These companies may use that information, sometimes in conjunction with similar non-personally identifiable information gathered from other websites, to deliver advertisements on this Site, and possibly on other websites (if the third-party advertising company operates an advertising network), tailored to match the perceived interests of consumers.
The collection and use of information by these companies is governed by the relevant third party's privacy policy and is not covered by our privacy policy.
If you would like more information about this practice, or if you would like information on how to opt out of these information collection practices, please click here.
USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION POLITICO uses the information it collects from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways, including using the information to customize features and advertising that appear on the Site.
We also may provide your information to third parties, such as service providers, contractors, and advertisers, for a variety of purposes.
For example, we may provide our advertisers with information about you and other visitors that will enable our advertisers to better target ads to specific types of visitors.
You agree that we may use your information to contact you for customer service purposes, to inform you of important changes or additions to our Site or the services offered over our Site, and to send you administrative notices, offers and any other communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
We reserve the right to disclose to third parties all of the information that we collect online about you and other visitors, with one important exception — if you make a purchase on our Site, we will not share your credit card number or other financial information with any third party.
We may, however, share non-financial information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Please also keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information available for viewing by third parties online — for example on message boards, through email or web logs, or in chat areas — that information can be seen, collected and used by others besides POLITICO.
We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third party use of such information.
Please be aware that we may occasionally release information about visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our Terms of Service, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our Site, the public, or to us or our Site.
Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets.
In the unlikely event that POLITICO, some or all of our assets, or our Site is acquired by another company, information about our visitors may be among the transferred assets.
THIRD-PARTY SITES Our Site includes links to third party websites whose privacy policies we do not control.
Once you leave the Site, any information you provide at another site will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting.
The privacy policies of third party websites may differ from that of POLITICO.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY This children's privacy statement explains POLITICO's practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and provides important information on your rights under federal law with respect to such information.
This Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen.
We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of thirteen from providing such information.
If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally-identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen, we will delete such information from our records.
Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen, we also do NOT knowingly distribute any such information to third parties.
We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of thirteen to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information.
MODIFYING YOUR INFORMATION AND OPTING OUT If you register with us, you will have the opportunity to review, update, change or delete the information you have provided us (and that we continue to store) at any time.
If you remove your registration information completely, you may not be able to continue using certain services that require registration.
To review, update, change or delete your registration information visit www.
politico.
com.
If you have subscribed to one of our email newsletters, you will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from future mailings by logging into to your POLITICO account at the top of any page on the site, and modifying your preferences.
STORAGE OF INFORMATION All information gathered on our Site is stored within a database accessible only to POLITICO.
However, as effective as the reasonable security measures implemented by us may be, no security system is impenetrable.
We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information supplied will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY The Internet is an evolving medium.
If we need to change this Privacy Policy at some point in the future, we'll post the modified Privacy Policy on this Site and update the Effective Date of the policy to reflect the date of the changes.
By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified.
Popular on POLITICO Most Read Most Emailed Most Commented Last 12 Hours Last 24 Hours Last 2 Days Last Week Updated: 10/04/2012 1:17 PM ET 1 Romney to Lehrer: I will pull PBS funding 2 Obama hit with left hook on TV, online 3 Obama's Stephanie Cutter knocks Lehrer 4 Media piles on moderator Lehrer 5 Not debatable: Obama stumbles 6 5 takeaways from the Denver debate 7 Video potential worry for Obama 8 Mitt Romney wins a reprieve 9 Fact-checking the Denver debate 10 Obama snoozes and loses Updated: 10/04/2012 1:17 PM ET 1 Obama's Stephanie Cutter knocks Lehrer 2 Romney to Lehrer: I will pull PBS funding 3 Obama hit with left hook on TV, online 4 Video potential worry for Obama 5 Not debatable: Obama stumbles 6 'Brownie': Obama played race card 7 Media piles on moderator Lehrer 8 Obama '07 video: Shock or schlock? 9 Media gives little play to Obama 2007 tape 10 Obama aide denies Bush bashing Updated: 10/04/2012 1:17 PM ET 1 Obama's Stephanie Cutter knocks Lehrer 2 Romney to Lehrer: I will pull PBS funding 3 Obama hit with left hook on TV, online 4 A pollster under oath 5 Video potential worry for Obama 6 Not debatable: Obama stumbles 7 10 quotes that haunt Obama 8 Obama '07 video: Shock or schlock? 9 'Brownie': Obama played race card 10 Media piles on moderator Lehrer Updated: 10/04/2012 1:17 PM ET 1 Ross Perot: No 2012 endorsement 2 In the end, it's Mitt 3 Obama's Stephanie Cutter knocks Lehrer 4 Romney to Lehrer: I will pull PBS funding 5 Obama hit with left hook on TV, online 6 A pollster under oath 7 Christie: Debate will turn presidential race 'upside down' 8 Mitt to 'fact-check' Obama in debate 9 King calls for Rice's resignation 10 The parallel universe where Mitt leads Last 12 Hours Last 24 Hours Last 2 Days Last Week Updated: 10/04/2012 1:17 PM ET 1 The Mitt we've been waiting for 2 Ann Coulter: Michelle wanted Mitt 3 Lewis Black befuddled by debate 4 Google inks pact on digital books 5 5 hardest-to-read debate quotes 6 Press: One word describes Obama 7 McCain: Obama trapped in 'bubble' 8 Zuckerberg: Facebook in tough cycle 9 Headlines tell the story… 10 Axelrod: Mitt 'dishonesty' in debate Updated: 10/04/2012 1:17 PM ET 1 The Mitt we've been waiting for 2 Ann Coulter: Michelle wanted Mitt 3 Lewis Black befuddled by debate 4 Google inks pact on digital books 5 5 hardest-to-read debate quotes 6 Press: One word describes Obama 7 McCain: Obama trapped in 'bubble' 8 Zuckerberg: Facebook in tough cycle 9 Headlines tell the story… 10 Axelrod: Mitt 'dishonesty' in debate Updated: 10/04/2012 1:17 PM ET 1 The Mitt we've been waiting for 2 Ann Coulter: Michelle wanted Mitt 3 Lewis Black befuddled by debate 4 Google inks pact on digital books 5 5 hardest-to-read debate quotes 6 Press: One word describes Obama 7 McCain: Obama trapped in 'bubble' 8 Zuckerberg: Facebook in tough cycle 9 Headlines tell the story… 10 Axelrod: Mitt 'dishonesty' in debate Updated: 10/04/2012 1:17 PM ET 1 The Mitt we've been waiting for 2 Ann Coulter: Michelle wanted Mitt 3 Lewis Black befuddled by debate 4 Google inks pact on digital books 5 5 hardest-to-read debate quotes 6 Press: One word describes Obama 7 McCain: Obama trapped in 'bubble' 8 Zuckerberg: Facebook in tough cycle 9 Headlines tell the story… 10 Axelrod: Mitt 'dishonesty' in debate Showing Last 7 Days Updated: 10/04/2012 1:17 PM ET 1 First debate hardens partisan lines 2 Obama '07 video: Shock or schlock? 3 10 quotes that haunt Obama 4 The parallel universe where Mitt leads 5 Supreme Court cases could stir race 6 Defining moment eludes Romney 7 King calls for Rice's resignation 8 In the end, it's Mitt 9 Mitt to 'fact-check' Obama in debate 10 Denver debate do-or-die for Romney News POLITICO Home 2012 LIVE 44 Arena Congress Opinion Roger Simon Video POLITICO Pro Events Blogs Burns &amp; Haberman Charlie Mahtesian Dylan Byers CLICK On Congress Josh Gerstein Joe Scarborough Tipsheets Playbook Morning Score Morning Money Pulse Huddle Morning Energy Morning Defense Morning Tech Influence Morning Transportation Policy Finance Health Care Energy Defense Technology Transportation More Info About Us Advertising Article Archive Bookshelf Breaking News Alerts Community Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Log in/Register Mobile POLITICO Photos POLITICO Jobs RSS / Widgets Site Map Store Subscription © 2012 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy 
