 Jump to Argos website search Jump to main categories Jump to main content Jump to footer Jump to site map Home Store locator Customer services Quick Shop A-Z Index Hello Sign in Register Sign out My account My Trolley () Clothing Kitchen &amp; Laundry Home &amp; Furniture Garden &amp; DIY Sports &amp; Leisure Health &amp; Personal Care Home Entertainment Video Games Photography Office, PCs &amp; Phones Toys &amp; Games Nursery Jewellery &amp; Watches Gifts &amp; Hobbies Latest Price Cuts More at Argos Kids World Shopping channel Customer services Essential Information Contact us &amp; FAQs How to use this site My account FAQs Privacy policy Returns &amp; refunds Security Sign in &amp; registration Site map Terms &amp; conditions Shopping at Argos Argos gift card Argos gold trade-in serivce Argos TV home shopping channel Channel island deliveries Check &amp; Reserve Gift list service Home delivery iPhone App Online exclusives QR codes Order tracking Voucher codes Product information Buying guides Features &amp; articles Furniture assembly service Jewellery &amp; watch repair service Product helplines Product recalls Social bookmarking Swatch service Video buying guides Product care Breakdown Care Furniture Care Jewellery &amp; watch care Mobile Phone Care Replacement product care Credit &amp; Insurance Argos Card Argos Credit &amp; Insurance Car Insurance Home Insurance Homeowner loans Life cover Pet Insurance RAC breakdown cover Travel Insurance About Argos About Us Affiliate program  Argos for Business  Competitions Corporate responsibility  Site awards Other Argos sites ArgosCareers  ArgosCompare  Argos Entertainment  Argos Gifts &amp; experiencest  Argos Movie &amp; video game rental  Argos Photo prints &amp; gifts  Argos Spares &amp; accessories  Argos.
ie  Argos-spain.
co.
uk  &gt; Customer services &gt; Privacy Policy Privacy Policy (Updated 23rd May 2012) The Website is operated by Argos Limited ("Argos/we/our/us") a company incorporated in England(Company Number 01081551) with registered office at 489-499 Avebury Boulevard, Central Milton Keynes, MK9 2NW.
Argos is a member of the Home Retail Group ("the Group").
The Group ("we","us") includes Argos Limited, Argos Business Solutions Limited, Home Retail Group Card Services Limited, Home Retail Group Insurance Services Limited, Home Retail Group Personal Finance Limited, ARG Personal Loans Limited, Homebase Limited, Argos Business Solutions Limited, Habitat Retail Limited and their associated companies.
A full list of companies is available upon request (See 'Contact Us' below).
As user of the website (referred to as “you/your”) you acknowledge that any use of this website (including any transactions you make) is subject to this Privacy Policy together with our Terms and Conditions.
The purpose of this statement is to set out the purposes for which, and the manner in which, we may collect and use personal information that we may obtain about you.
By either registering as a user of any services provided by Argos on this website and/or by using the Argos website generally you consent and agree to this use by us.
Argos does not knowingly collect data from any unsupervised person under the age of 18.
  If you are under the age of 18, you must not use the Argos website or submit any personal data to us unless you have the consent of, and are supervised by, a parent or guardian.
Use of your personal information Crime prevention Telephone calls Disclosure of your information TV Licensing Cookies Security Product Reviews General How can I be removed from the Argos email newsletters list? How do I change any details stored on argos.
co.
uk? Contact Us Changes to Policy Use of your Personal Information 1.
When you register and use this site: You will be asked to provide certain information such as your name contact details and possibly credit card or other payment details.
We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise.
We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.
Some of our services will require further details, for example, when using the Gift list service, this will require further information to set up and maintain your gift list and allow your chosen guests to see your list details for example.
In addition we may gather other information about your use of the website, including by the use of cookies (see section on Cookies below).
2.
We may use information that you provide or that is obtained by us: (a) to register you with our website and to manage any account you hold with us (b) to administer our website services; (c) to give to companies and organisations whose products we provide to you, e.
g.
product, home and motor, financial and travel services.
(d) to fulfil our agreement with you and to process your order and obtain payment.
(e) to analyse and profile your shopping preferences e.
g.
(market, customer and product analysis) to enable us (i) to provide you with a personalised browsing experience when using the website and (ii) to review, develop and improve the products and services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme.
(f) we may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products and/or services which we think will interest you from the information we have.
(g) we may keep you informed of such products and services (including products and services of other companies and organisations and including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions and so on) which we consider may be of interest to you by any of the following methods: Email Telephone (including automated calls) SMS text messages and other electronic messages such as picture messaging Post Or otherwise (h) To administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter.
3.
If you do not wish to receive information of products and services which may be of interest to you from us or carefully chosen third parties, please select the opt-out option where appropriate.
4.
We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties.
In particular we will carry out searches with credit reference agencies.
5.
We may engage third party payment providers to administer and process your payment card details in order to complete any purchase that you make through the website.
6.
We may store and process your information on our own information technology systems or on systems owned by third parties that may store and process your information on our behalf.
Crime Prevention 7.
In order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may pass on information that we obtain from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, to other Group companies, other retailers and to financial and other organisations involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way.
Without limitation to the foregoing, we may disclose any information and data relating to you to the police or any regulatory or government authority including and not limited to law enforcement agencies in response to a request in connection with the investigation of any suspected illegal activities.
Telephone Calls 8.
Calls may be recorded to verify content and may be used together with other customer records for regulatory compliance, quality control and staff training, preventing or detecting criminal activity and for complaint resolution.
Disclosure of Your Information 9.
We may give information about you to the following companies and organisations who may use it for the same purposes as set out above: (a) to other companies in the Group (b) to employees and agents of the Group and other approved third parties to administer any accounts, products and services provided to you by the Group now or in the future.
(c) to agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs.
(d) to other organisations for the administration of prize draws or competitions (e) to anyone to whom we transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you.
(f) if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.
10.
We refer in paragraph 4 above to the fact that we may carry out credit reference agency searches to obtain information about you.
These agencies record those searches.
In addition to the purposes listed above, we may also share information about you and the conduct of your account with credit reference agencies, other lenders and relevant third parties including our legal advisors and debt recovery agencies.
11.
In carrying out the activities specified in this policy, we may transfer data to reputable companies outside the European Economic Area.
Whilst we take reasonable steps to ensure that your information will be afforded the same level of protection as that required of us under applicable UK data protection legislation you should be aware that countries outside the European Economic Area may not offer the same level of protection of personal data.
TV Licensing 12.
It is a legal requirement that if you purchase any television receiving equipment, such as a TV, set-top box, video or DVD recorder, Blu-ray players, computer or mobile phone to watch TV programmes Argos is required by law to obtain details of your name and the full address of where the equipment will be installed and to notify this information to the TV Licensing Authority within 28 days of each transaction.
Unless this information is provided, such sales will be refused.
Cookies 13.
This site uses cookies which are text files which contain small amounts of information that a website can send to, and store on, your computer or device through your browser.
Cookies may be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised information from our website to make our website more user-friendly.
This may include, for example, remembering your postcode for you so you don’t have to re-enter it every time you check the stock levels for an item you are interested in.
In addition, cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website.
14.
We are required to provide you with clear and comprehensive information about the cookies which we use on the site and to obtain your consent to the use of the cookies.
In order to comply with these requirements we have prepared a cookies policy setting out information about cookies, detailing the cookies we use and providing information on how to manage cookies on your computer.
15.
By using the Argos website, mobile website and Apps, you are agreeing to our Privacy and cookie policies and consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies by us and our carefully selected third party partners as described in these policies.
If you do not agree to such use, please see the Managing Your Cookies section for details on how to adjust your settings.
For full details about our cookie policy, please see our Cookie policy page.
Security 16.
We will treat all of your information in strict confidence and we will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information.
However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose online.
You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing online over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
17.
For further information about the steps we take to protect your information and make online shopping as secure as possible, please see information on Secure online shopping.
Product reviews 18.
Around 2 weeks after receiving your product, we may send you an email inviting you to review and rate the product that you purchased.
In addition, sometimes we may also ask you if you would like to answer questions related to your product submitted by other customers.
Please be aware that: - your review may be shared on other Home Retail Group sites.
- once submitted, it usually takes 72 hours for your review, question or answer to appear on the website providing it adheres to our publishing guidelines.
- your review can be submitted anonymously or if you prefer you can leave a ratings only review.
- it is not possible for you to edit/remove your review after submission If you require any further information on this service or wish to have your review removed, you can contact customer services.
19.
We may in our absolute discretion accept or reject any product review which may be submitted to us and may edit any such review for both length and/or content as we see fit.
All reviews are submitted on the basis that Argos or any member of the Group may use the review in any format and for any purpose as it sees fit and for any marketing or promotional purposes.
General 20.
You have the right to see personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Act) that we keep about you upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee (see Contact Us below).
21.
If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please Contact Us.
21.
Please be aware that our site may link to other websites which may be accessed through our site.
We are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or the content of these linked websites.
How can I get my name removed from the argos.
co.
uk mailing list? 22.
If you want to be removed from our mailing list, please send an email to reply@argos.
co.
uk with the word 'remove' in the subject line and the email address that you wish to be removed within the email.
Please note that it may take up to 28 days to action your request.
In addition, each electronic mailing we send you will contain details of how you can un-subscribe.
How do I change any details stored on argos.
co.
uk? 23.
To change any of your registered details on argos.
co.
uk, click on ‘Sign in’ and enter your login name and password.
Once logged in change any of the details shown and click ‘update my details'.
For further information about shopping on argos.
co.
uk, please read our Terms and conditions and Home delivery information.
Contact Us 24.
If you have any comments or queries in connection with our privacy policy, please Email customer services or call 0845 640 2020 or write to the Data Protection Compliance Manager at Home Retail Group plc, 489-499 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, MK92NW.
Changes to Policy 25.
We may amend and update this policy from time to time.
Any changes in the future will be posted on this page.
The date of the latest update to this privacy policy is set out at the top of this policy.
Ladies' jewellery Body jewellery Bracelets &amp; bangles Brooches Charm bracelets &amp; beads Earrings Necklaces Rings Men's jewellery &amp; cufflinks Cufflinks Men's jewellery Children's jewellery Children's jewellery Watches Children's watches Ladies' watches Men's watches Jewellery care Jewellery boxes Jewellery cleaners &amp; polishing clothes Jewellery gift packaging Other Clearance Jewellery &amp; watches Novelty gifts Branded gifts Fancy dress Gadgets Mini fridges &amp; water dispensers Novelty gifts Novelty lighting Special occasions New baby &amp; christening gifts Partyware Wedding gifts Games &amp; hobbies Adult puzzles &amp; games Art &amp; crafts CDs Collectables DVDs &amp; blu-rays Hornby train sets Model cars &amp; vehicles Radio controlled gifts Scalextric Experience days Experience days &amp; gifts Christmas Christmas trees &amp; decorations Other Clearance Gifts &amp; hobbies Product care Nursery Baby &amp; Christening gifts Baby monitors &amp; safety gates Baby toys Car &amp; booster seats Cots, nursery furniture &amp; bedding Feeding &amp; bathing Maternity Pushchairs, prams &amp; carriers Other Clearance Nursery Top nursery brands Mamas &amp; Papas Fisher-Price Maxi-Cosi Pampers Britax Quinny Tommee Tippee Graco Tomy Chicco Cosatto Toys 2 for 15 pounds on Toys Action figures &amp; playsets Animal playsets Children's books Children's cameras, audio &amp; TVs Children's fancy dress Creative &amp; discovery toys Dolls Electronic &amp; learning toys Film &amp; TV toys Games &amp; puzzles Kid`s DVDs, blu-rays &amp; CDs Lego &amp; construction toys Musical toys Pre-school toys Radio control toys Soft toys &amp; teddy bears Toy cars, trains, boats &amp; planes Outdoor toys Bikes, ride-ons, trikes &amp; scooters Bouncy castles &amp; inflatable toys Outdoor games Playhouses &amp; activity centres Pools &amp; water games Sand pits &amp; sand Slides &amp; swings Trampolines &amp; enclosures Other Clearance Toys &amp; games Top toy brands Baby Annabell Barbie Cars 2 Chad Valley Hotwheels KickMaster Lego Little Tikes Monster High Moshi Monsters Nerf Plum Razor Sylvanian Families Zinc Toys by age Birth - 1 year 1-2 years 3-4 years 5-8 years 9-12 years 13-16 years Bedroom Bedding &amp; electric blankets Bedroom furniture Beds Children's furniture Mattresses Schreiber bedroom furniture Living room Fireplaces Go create sofas Living room furniture Sofabeds &amp; futons Sofas, armchairs &amp; chairs Other rooms Bathroom Conservatory furniture Dining tables &amp; chairs Office furniture Home furnishings Blinds Candles, ornaments &amp; vases Clocks &amp; clock radios Curtains &amp; poles Cushions, throws &amp; beanbags Lighting Mirrors Pictures &amp; photo frames Rugs &amp; mats Storage CD racks, DVD racks &amp; video racks Moving house packs &amp; bubble wrap Storage &amp; shelving Heaters &amp; coolers Air conditioning &amp; fans Dehumidifiers &amp; air treatment Heaters &amp; radiators Other Clearance Home &amp; furniture Product care Health &amp; well being Foot care Health &amp; wellbeing Health monitors &amp; aids Massage &amp; relaxation Mobility aids Vitamins &amp; supplements Weight loss &amp; toning Personal care &amp; beauty Bath, body &amp; skincare Cosmetics &amp; accessories Dental care Fragrance Hair care Hair removal &amp; waxing Men's beard trimmers &amp; hair clippers Men's shavers Nail care Other Clearance Health &amp; personal care Product care Small kitchen appliances Coffee machines Food preparation Kettles Microwaves Small kitchen appliances Toasters Kitchen equipment Cookware Kitchenware Tableware Kitchens Argos kitchens Hygena kitchens Large kitchen appliances Appliances available in-store today Built-in cookers, hobs &amp; hoods Dishwashers Freestanding cookers Freezers Fridge freezers Fridges Tumble dryers Washer dryers Washing machines Laundry &amp; home Irons Laundry &amp; cleaning Sewing machines &amp; accessories Vacuum cleaners Other Clearance Kitchen &amp; laundry Product care Garden Barbecues Garden decorations Garden furniture Garden power tools Garden tools &amp; accessories Hot tubs &amp; spas Lawnmowers Outdoor lighting &amp; heating Pressure washers Sheds, greenhouses &amp; storage Other Clearance Garden &amp; DIY Product care DIY tools DIY tools, ladders &amp; workbenches Electrical accessories Power tools Car Car equipment &amp; accessories Home improvements Bathroom showers, taps &amp; accessories Conservatories Doors &amp; accessories Flooring Home insulation Home security Kitchen sinks &amp; taps Wallpaper &amp; decorating Laptops &amp; PCs Apple Mac Computers &amp; monitors Ebook readers Hard drives, USBs &amp; data storage Laptops &amp; netbooks PC &amp; laptop accessories PC &amp; laptop software Wireless networking iPad &amp; tablets Printers Printer ink &amp; paper Printers &amp; fax machines Other Clearance Office, PCs &amp; phones Product care Phones Mobile broadband Mobile phone accessories Mobile phones Telephones Office Dictation machines Electronic dictionaries &amp; calculators Office furniture Projectors &amp; screens Shredders Stationery &amp; office supplies Fitness equipment &amp; nutrition Fitness accessories &amp; equipment Heart rate monitors &amp; pedometers Home gym equipment Nutrition aids &amp; supplements Weights &amp; strength training Leisure activities Bike accessories Bikes - kids' Bikes - men's &amp; ladies' Games tables Kites &amp; power kites Motorbikes, scooters &amp; quad bikes Skateboarding &amp; skating Yoga &amp; Pilates Zumba Sports American football Badminton Baseball &amp; softball Basketball Boxing Cricket Darts Fishing Football Golf Hockey Netball Rugby Running Skiing Snooker &amp; pool Squash Swimming Table tennis Tennis Petcare Pet supplies Camping &amp; caravanning Camping Caravanning Sportswear &amp; outdoor clothing Women's sportswear &amp; outdoor clothing Men's sportswear &amp; outdoor clothing Girls' sportswear &amp; outdoor clothing Boys' sportswear &amp; outdoor clothing Sports &amp; outdoor footwear Women's sports &amp; outdoor footwear Men's sports &amp; outdoor footwear Girls' sports &amp; outdoor footwear Boys' sports &amp; outdoor footwear Other Product care Luggage Clearance Sports &amp; leisure Photography Camcorders &amp; accessories Camera bags &amp; accessories Camera lenses Digital SLR cameras Digital cameras Digital photo frames Digital photo printers Memory cards Telescopes &amp; binoculars Binoculars Telescopes Other Clearance Photography Product care Other Argos sites Argos Photo - Printing &amp; Gifts Televisions &amp; set top boxes DVD, blu ray &amp; video players Digital boxes &amp; services Home cinema systems Portable DVD players Television accessories Television aerials &amp; boosters Televisions Home audio Audio accessories Docking stations &amp; speakers Hi-fi systems Portable CD &amp; cassette players Radio Musical instruments &amp; karaoke Karaoke machines &amp; equipment Musical instruments Personal audio &amp; visual Ebook readers Headphones &amp; earphones MP3 players &amp; accessories Personal CD players &amp; radios iPad &amp; tablets iPod iPod &amp; MP3 accessories Sat nav &amp; in-car entertainment In-car CD &amp; DVD players Sat nav Other Batteries &amp; chargers Clearance Home entertainment &amp; sat nav Product care Consoles, games &amp; accessories Accessories Gaming chairs Headsets Nintendo 3DS Nintendo DS &amp; DSi Nintendo Wii Nintendo Wii U PC games PS Vita PS2 PS3 PSP Pre-order games Xbox 360 iPod iPod touch iTunes giftcards Other Clearance Video games Product care Men Men's accessories Men's clothing Men's footwear Women Women's accessories Women's clothing Women's footwear Baby Boys' baby clothes Girls' baby clothes Unisex baby clothes Boys Boys' accessories Boys' clothing Boys' footwear Girls Girls' accessories Girls' clothing Girls' footwear Other Clearance clothing   Gifts &amp; Hobbies Garden &amp; DIY Health &amp; personal care Home &amp; furniture Home entertainment &amp; sat nav Jewellery &amp; watches Kitchen &amp; laundry Nursery Office, PCs &amp; phones Photography Sports &amp; leisure Toys &amp; games Video games Also available.
.
.
Books Explore our new range of books, including children's books, biographies and top fiction titles Pet care Discover our new range of pet care.
With a wide choice of pet beds, collars, toys and accessories, we have everything you need to give your pet the care and attention they need.
Other Argos sites.
.
.
Gifts &amp; Experiences Gifts &amp; experiences in association with Activity Superstore Movies &amp; games rental Movie and video games rental in association with LOVEFiLM Spares &amp; accessories Electrical spares &amp; accessories Photo prints &amp; gifts Turn your favourite pictures into Photobooks, Wall art, Prints, Mugs and more! Tool hire Quality professional tool hire of over 2000 products! Our very best offers, including all products that have had their price cut! Books Clothing Gifts and hobbies Garden and DIY Health and personal care Home and furniture Home entertainment and sat nav Jewellery and watches Kids World Kitchen and laundry Nursery Office, PCs and phones Photography Sports and leisure Toys and games Video games 100s of products from your favourite characters Kids World Our new shopping channel, bringing you fantastic offers 24 hours a day Discover our shopping channel Website Info Site map Secure online shopping Terms &amp; conditions Privacy policy Cookie policy Customer services Order tracking Contact us Check &amp; Reserve Delivery info Free returns Argos Services Argos Credit &amp; Insurance ArgosCompare.
co.
uk Argos for Business Product Care Gift list service About Argos About Us Argoscareers.
com Argos.
ie Argos-spain.
co.
uk Press enquiries Argos partners Affiliate program Argos gift card Argos Spares This link will open in a new window.
© Argos Limited 2011.
All Rights Reserved.
