 Comcast Shop Support My Account xfinity.
com Watch TV Connect You are signed in Location: Sign In / Register Sign Out Business Class xfinity Products All XFINITY Products XFINITY TV XFINITY Internet XFINITY Voice XFINITY Home XFINITY Signature Support XFINITY vs.
the Competition Comcast Business Services Bundles &amp; Deals All XFINITY Deals XFINITY Triple Play XFINITY Double Play Programming On Demand Highlights Sports Pay Per View Events Channel Lineup International Programming Customers Add Services Move or Transfer Services Service Center Locations Contact Us Customer Agreements/Policies Customer Guarantee true Comcast's Customer Agreements, Policies, and Services Disclosures Xfinity® Residential Services Customer Agreement for Residential Services Comcast XFINITY Customer Privacy Notice XFINITY TV Important Notices and Policies for Video Customers XFINITY Voice Acceptable Use Policy for XFINITY Voice and Comcast Digital Voice Residential Voice Services Frequently Asked Questions about the Comcast Acceptable Use Policy for Comcast Digital Voice Residential Voice Services XFINITY Internet Acceptable Use Policy for High-Speed Internet Services XFINITY WiFi XFINITY Wifi Terms of Service (Subscribers) XFINITY Wifi Terms of Service (Non-Subscribers) Your XFINITY WiFi Performance XFINITY Internet 2go XFINITY Internet 2go Service Agreement Acceptable Use Policy for XFINITY Internet 2go XFINITY Internet 2go Privacy Policy Your XFINITY Internet 2go Performance XFINITY Home Security Alarm Installation and Services Agreement Comcast Commercial Services (Non-Enterprise) Business Services Customer Terms &amp; Conditions (for purchases after 2/28/11) Business Services Customer Terms &amp; Conditions (for purchases prior to 3/1/11) Comcast Acceptable Use Policy for Business Services High-Speed Internet Comcast Customer Privacy Notice Additional Policies and Disclosures for Internet Services FAQ and Network Management Network Safety Ports Blocked for Security Reasons Email Information for Postmasters What is Comcast doing about Spam? Comcast strives to provide consumers with accessible, easy-to-understand information about the services we provide, so they can make informed decisions about which services best meet their needs.
Consistent with that goal, we have designed this page to act as a single place where consumers and others can come to review the relevant policies, agreements, and other information about these services.
Additionally, the Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") requires that Comcast and other providers of broadband Internet access services disclose certain information regarding those Internet services.
We believe that all of the information required for disclosure under the FCC's rules is found in the various policies and documents listed on this page.
To assist you in finding the information you're looking for, we want to highlight a few pieces of information that the FCC specifically calls for: Network Practices Comcast has informative network management pages and our Network Management Information Center provides information regarding our existing congestion management systems, as well as links to documents explaining our network management practices in more technical detail.
We also have a DOCSIS Device Information Center to provide customers with a comprehensive list of all currently approved cable modems and EMTA devices, and we have published the DOCSIS Cable Modem Process and Requirements for testing and certification of additional DOCSIS-compliant devices for use on the Comcast network.
Comcast also provides a comprehensive suite of security capabilities known as the Constant Guard service.
We also have News and Alerts pages that provide news and information on topics related to network security.
Performance Characteristics Comcast provides a detailed summary of its Internet service performance containing information about speed and latency, as well as other related topics.
Comcast has always prided itself on providing state-of-the-art broadband services at the highest possible speeds.
Recent testing performed by the FCC confirms that Comcast's service is one of the fastest, most reliable broadband services in the United States.
It consistently delivers at or above the "provisioned" speed for the particular service tier.
We also provide a speed test page, so you can test your connection for yourself.
The FCC also recently established a new class of services it calls "specialized services.
" Based on the FCC's descriptions of this new class of service, we do not believe we currently provide any specialized services.
We do use Internet protocol ("IP")-based technologies to provide you with certain functionality associated with your Xfinity TV and Xfinity Voice services, but those are not specialized services as we understand that term.
Regardless, these functions are designed to ensure that they do not affect the performance of your Xfinity Internet service.
If and when Comcast offers specialized services over our network, we will publish relevant information about how those services work and how they may affect your Xfinity Internet service.
Pricing For more information about pricing of our various Xfinity Internet tiers of service and all our Xfinity services, please visit the Xfinity Deals &amp; Promotions page.
If you have any questions about these disclosures, or cannot find what you're looking for, please contact us at bbdisclosures@comcast.
com.
Updated: 4/23/12 ©2012 Comcast | Investor Relations | Press Room | Corporate Blog | Privacy Statement | Visitor Agreement | Website Feedback | Site Map 
