 Talent Network Privacy Policy CareerBuilder, LLC and its subsidiaries and divisions (collectively, "CareerBuilder", "We" or "Our") has drafted its Privacy Policy to ensure that you can use CareerBuilder's Talent Network on your own terms.
CareerBuilder continues to strive to provide the safest possible environment for you to search for and apply to jobs.
Overview We have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of our collection, use and disclosure practices regarding personal information that we collect through CareerBuilder’s Talent Network.
The Talent Network is created, hosted and managed by CareerBuilder and provided to CareerBuilder’s employer customers.
This Privacy Policy applies only to data gathered on any Talent Network under CareerBuilder’s control, and does not apply to any other information or web site.
This Privacy Policy incorporates by reference the Terms and Conditions for the Talent Network, which apply to this Privacy Policy.
Please review this Privacy Policy periodically as we may update it from time to time.
Each time you visit the Talent Network or provide us with information, you are, by doing so, accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy at that time.
If we materially change our practices with regard to personal information collected under a prior privacy policy, we will endeavor to notify you and give you the opportunity to opt out of changes with regard to that previously collected information.
You agree that by using the Talent Network, you are expressly and affirmatively consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive emails, as described below.
Information We Collect You do not have to give us any personal information in order to perform job searches or to read the content portions of the Talent Network.
We do not collect personal information unless you choose to provide it to us.
If you choose to provide personal information to us through the Talent Network, we will collect your email address, name, address, and/or telephone number.
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information, such as occupation, location, education and experience.
Finally, we collect aggregate information about the use of the Talent Network, including information about users accessing or using the Talent Network, such as the number of users that applied for jobs or joined the Talent Network, internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, other browser history, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time.
Children Under The Age Of 13 CareerBuilder does not knowingly collect or solicit information from anyone under the age of 13.
If you are under 13, please do not attempt to send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address.
In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
How We Use Your Information When you join the Talent Network or apply for a job through the Talent Network, we provide information about you and your potential interest in job postings on the Talent Network to employer customers.
Those employer customers may use your information to contact you directly.
Additionally, when you join the Talent Network or apply for a job through the Talent Network, the information supplied by you becomes part of the CareerBuilder database but also may become part of the employer customer’s database.
In that instance, the use of such information by the employer customer will be subject to the privacy policy of that company, and CareerBuilder is not responsible for that company’s use of your information.
We use your name, email address and other information on our system to recommend relevant job postings to you while you are on the Talent Network.
We will also use your information to send you reminder emails, to send you job match emails, to notify you of new product releases, and to solicit your feedback and input.
Those emails will contain links for preference management and where appropriate, unsubscribe links should you decide you do not want to receive further emails.
CareerBuilder’s employer customers that purchase the Talent Network will receive reports that contain non-personally identifiable information about their Talent Network.
We also use non-personally identifiable information and certain technical information about your computer and your access of the Talent Network (including your internet protocol address) in order to operate, maintain and manage the Talent Network.
CareerBuilder may also disclose specific user information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of CareerBuilder or other users of the Talent Network.
In addition, personal information we have collected may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets or a bankruptcy of CareerBuilder.
Such disclosures may be made with or without your consent, and with or without notice.
Other Sites The Talent Network may contain links to other web sites and content which may be hosted by other web sites.
These other sites maintain their own policies regarding cookies and the collection and use of personal information.
It is up to you to review those policies yourself.
Cookies CareerBuilder uses cookies for the protection and convenience of our users.
Cookies enable us to serve secure pages to our users without asking them to sign in repeatedly.
If a user's system is idle for more than an hour, however, the cookie will expire, forcing the user to sign in again to continue their session.
This prevents unauthorized access to the user's information while they are away from their computer.
CareerBuilder may store non-personally identifying information about you such as past jobs viewed and job searches conducted by your computer in a cookie that it places on your computer.
We do this in order to present you with job recommendations based on your interests as expressed previously through your searches.
Most Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
To obtain instructions regarding deleting or disabling cookies, click here.
Please be aware, however, that some CareerBuilder features or services may not function properly without cookies.
Your California Privacy Rights California law permits its residents to request and receive information about a business’ disclosure of certain categories of personal information to other companies for their use in direct marketing.
If you are a California resident and a user of the Work@ App, you can request a copy of this information from CareerBuilder by sending an email to customer.
service@careerbuilder.
com or a letter to CareerBuilder at: CareerBuilder, LLC Attn: Customer Service 5550-A Peachtree Parkway Norcross, GA 30092 Please include your name and email address in email requests, and your name and postal address in mail requests.
Safe Harbor CareerBuilder has certified its adherence to the U.
S.
Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Principles in connection with the U.
S.
implementation of the European Union Data Protection Directive.
For more information about the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and to view the certification for CareerBuilder, visit the U.
S.
Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor web site.
You may also contact us directly at (866) 438-1485 to learn more about this certification.
In addition, CareerBuilder is a member of the BBBOnLine U.
S.
/E.
U.
Safe Harbor Dispute Resolution program.
Please consult the BBBOnLine website at BBBOnline.
org for more information concerning the BBBOnLine privacy programs and dispute resolution procedures.
How to Contact Us You can direct questions regarding this Privacy Policy to CareerBuilder by emailing us at customer.
service@careerbuilder.
com.
You can also send a letter by mail to: CareerBuilder, LLC Attn: Customer Service 5550-A Peachtree Parkway Norcross, GA 30092 Join Our Talent Network Stay Connected.
  Why? Home Featured Jobs Server Host/Hostess Chef Restaurant Manager Featured Companies Red Robin All Jobs Join Join Our Talent Network Navigation Home Contact Us All Jobs Terms Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions This JavaScript enables OnlineOpinion, a method for collecting secure feedback data.
