 Magazines American Agriculturist California Farmer Carolina-Virginia Farmer Dakota Farmer Indiana Prairie Farmer Kansas Farmer Michigan Farmer Mid-South Farmer Missouri Ruralist Nebraska Farmer Ohio Farmer Prairie Farmer Southern Farmer The Farmer The Farmer-Stockman Wallaces Farmer Western Farmer-Stockman Wisconsin Agriculturist Farm Futures Beef Producer Shows Farm Progress Show Hay Expo Husker Harvest Days New York Farm Show Farm Progress America Search    Search Site:   Wednesday, October 10, 2012 | Bookmark This Site    Home Markets News Weather Farm Futures NOW! Magazine Online RSS News Land For Sale Mobile Subscribe Reprints Register Login About Us Advertise PRIVACY POLICY Thank you for visiting this Farm Progress Web site.
Our Web site has much to offer.
While we want you to enjoy your stay at our site, we also wish to stress that your privacy is very important to us.
To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices.
We make this notice available on our homepage and on every page where personally identifiable information may be requested.
This notice applies to all information collected or distributed through the Farm Progress Web site.
Terms of Use By visiting and accessing the FarmProgress.
com you consent and agree to the Terms and Conditions listed below.
If you do not agree with any of the Terms and Conditions stated below, please do not use this site.
Farm Progress reserves the right to modify these Terms and Conditions at its sole discretion and through your use of the site you agree to be bound by any and all such modifications.
Disclaimer The information contained on this Farm Progress Web site is provided for informational purposes only.
While every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of the information, Farm Progress makes no warranties, guarantees or representations of any kind, express or implied, as to the content, accuracy, completeness, reliability or timeliness of the information contained in the Web site.
Farm Progress expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for any errors, inaccuracies or untimeliness of any information contained herein.
Privacy Policy Farm Progress is strongly committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information gathered from the use of its Web sites.
E-mail addresses or other information that is obtained as a result of interacting with this Farm Progress Web site will be used to respond to your inquiry or provide you with requested information, and will not be sold or provided to third parties.
Specifically, names, physical and electronic addresses, telephone numbers, and other information that may be collected are all considered to be private data and will not be sold or provided to third parties without express opt-in permission from the user.
When subscribing to any Farm Progress magazine or show site or responding to a survey on a Farm Progress Web site, you may later be contacted by Farm Progress through direct mail.
If you do not want to be on our mailing list, send your name and address, along with a signature to Farm Progress Cos.
, 255 38th Avenue, Suite P, St.
Charles, IL 60174.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our Web site and to share with advertisers.
For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our Web site, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out a form, but we do not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
In the future, we may advance the interactive features of the Web site.
Should this occur, any identifying information that we collect will remain private.
Data Security To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The need for security for all personally identifiable information associated with our users is of utmost importance to us.
We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of our users' financial information from their computers to our servers, utilizing encryption software.
Only those employees who need access to our users' information in order to do their jobs are allowed access.
Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution.
Who to Contact If you have questions or concerns regarding this Farm Progress Web site, E-mail wvogt@farmprogresscorporate.
com with "Privacy Policy" in the subject line, or write to us at: Farm Progress Cos.
, 255 38th Avenue, Suite P, St.
Charles, IL 60174.
Copyright and Trademark Notice The content of this Farm Progress Web site is the exclusive property of Farm Progress Cos.
.
Copyright © 2011, Farm Progress Cos.
, all Rights Reserved.
The name Farm Progress Cos.
, American Agriculturist, California Farmer, Carolina-Virginia Farmer, Dakota Farmer, Farm Progress, Farm Progress Show, Hay Expo, Husker Harvest Days, Indiana Prairie Farmer, Kansas Farmer, Michigan Farmer, Mid-South Farmer, Missouri Ruralist, Nebraska Farmer, Ohio Farmer, Prairie Farmer, Southern Farmer, The Farmer, The Farmer-Stockman, Wallaces Farmer, Western Farmer-Stockman and Wisconsin Agriculturist are registered trademarks, and the graphics, logos, and phrases used in conjunction with that name are the property of Farm Progress Cos.
Any unauthorized use of trademarks and/or content of the Farm Progress Web site may be in violation of law and could subject the copier to legal action.
Unless otherwise specified or allowed, no one has permission to copy, redistribute, reproduce, republish, store in any medium, re-transmit, modify, exploit or make commercial use of, in any form, the information residing on the Farm Progress Web site.
Links The links that appear on this Farm Progress Web site are solely for the information of the visitor.
Farm Progress does not endorse any particular viewpoint on any Web page that appears as a link on its site.
Farm Progress does not control the authenticity, accuracy, relevance, timeliness, or completeness of information on any links.
Other Incidental Information In the course of normal business, Farm Progress may obtain and analyze certain other pieces of customer information.
Examples of these types of information might include network (IP) addresses, browser types, pages and files retrieved from servers, and so forth.
This information is used only in the aggregate for statistical analysis and problem determination.
Individuals are not identified through this analysis.
Go to Top Account Login Register Information Center Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Inquiries Subscriptions Privacy Policy Advertising Specs Reprints About Company Overview General Inquiries Corporate Communications News Editorial Offices Sales Careers Products State &amp; Regional Magazines Farm Futures Beef Producer Shows Farm Progress Library Farm Progress America, Broadcast Data Solutions Custom Publishing Digital Solutions Email Newsletter Toolbox Classified Land for Sale Magazine Online Mobile Alerts Growing Degree Days App Farm Futures App Beef Producer App Farm Progress App Powered by iNet Solutions Group ©2011 All Rights Reserved.
