 Marquee Media Advertise Our Properties About Careers Freelance Opportunities Contact Privacy Privacy Policy Privacy Policy for Advertising Opt Out Marquee Media Privacy Policy Last modified: August 23, 2011 Your privacy is critically important to us.
Marquee Media has a few fundamental principles: We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
Website Visitors Like most website operators, Marquee Media collects non-personally- identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request.
Marquee Media’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Marquee Media’s visitors use its website.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information Certain visitors to Marquee Media’s websites choose to interact with Marquee Media in ways that require Marquee Media to gather personally- identifying information.
The amount and type of information that Marquee Media gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
For example, we ask visitors who submit a contact request to provide a name and email address.
Those who engage in transactions with Marquee Media – by purchasing our advertising services, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions.
In each case, Marquee Media collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Marquee Media.
Marquee Media does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information Marquee Media discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally- identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Marquee Media’s behalf or to provide services available at Marquee Media’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Marquee Media’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
Marquee Media will not rent or sell potentially personally- identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Marquee Media discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Marquee Media believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Marquee Media, third parties or the public at large.
If you are a registered user of an Marquee Media website and have supplied your email address, Marquee Media may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Marquee Media and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
Marquee Media takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns.
Marquee Media uses cookies to help Marquee Media identify and track visitors, their usage of Marquee Media website, and their website access preferences.
Marquee Media visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Marquee Media’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Marquee Media’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers If Marquee Media, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Marquee Media goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.
You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquiror of Marquee Media may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Privacy Policy Changes Although most changes are likely to be minor, Marquee Media may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Marquee Media’s sole discretion.
Marquee Media encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Us If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us through or website or write to us at: Privacy Matters c/o Marquee Media, Inc.
41 Madison Ave 31st Floor New York, NY 10010 USA Made in NYC Privacy Policy Opt Out Follow us on Twitter LinkedIn Copyright © 2011 Marquee Media, Inc.
All rights reserved.
