 Skip to main content Engagement Jewelry   $250 &amp; Under $500 &amp; Under $1,000 &amp; Under   New Jewelry Bracelets Brooches Charms Earrings Necklaces &amp; Pendants Rings   Men's Jewelry   Silver Jewelry Tiffany CelebrationÂ® Rings Tiffany Yellow Diamonds Statement Jewelry Solitaire Jewelry Wedding Bands   Watches   Women's Watches Men's Watches Cocktail Watches All Watches   Designers &amp; Collections   Elsa PerettiÂ® $250 &amp; Under Elsa PerettiÂ® Paloma PicassoÂ® Frank GehryÂ® Jean Schlumberger   Tiffany 1837â„¢ Tiffany Beads Tiffany Enchant Tiffany Keys Tiffany Locks Tiffany Metro Tiffany Soleste Return to Tiffanyâ„¢ Victoria   Accessories   Sunglasses Handbags Tiffany Leather Goods Small Leather Goods Key Rings Men's Accessories Scarves Sterling Accessories Writing Instruments   Elsa PerettiÂ® Accessories     Gifts   Gifts for Her Gifts for Him Gifts for the Home   $150 &amp; Under $300 &amp; Under $500 &amp; Under New Gifts   Anniversary Gifts Baby Gifts Business Gifts Engraved Gifts Fragrance Gift Cards Wedding Gifts   The World of Tiffany   The Tiffany Story People and Parties Corporate Responsibility   What Makes Love True       Saved Items    Shopping Bag Sign Out Store LocationsSearch   View more stores and events View All Stores in United States Advanced Search Categories Price Ranges Materials Gemstones Customer Service 800 843 3269 Privacy Policy Contact Information Sales Tax Return Policy Trademarks &amp; Copyrights Counterfeit Warning Photography Applicable Laws   Privacy Policy   Introduction What information do we collect? What do we do with the information we collect? Direct marketing Email marketing Who do we share this information with? How to get copies of or amend the information we have collected? Security and storage Linking Cookies   TIFFANY &amp; CO.
727 Fifth Avenue New York, NY 10022 Dear Visitor: http://www.
tiffany.
com "Website" is a site which is operated by Tiffany and Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Tiffany &amp; Co.
", "Tiffany and Company", "Group", "we", "us", "our",).
For the purpose of the applicable data protection legislation, the data controller is Tiffany and Company of 727 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10022.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
We want you to know how we use and protect the personal information you give us.
This policy ("Privacy Policy") sets out how we use and protect any personal information that you give us when you use this Website, order through our catalogue or on our Toll Free telephone order line or visit any of our stores.
If you have any questions about this policy or do not agree with it, please contact our customer services department by email at customerservice@tiffany.
com or by telephone Toll Free at 1-800-843-3269 before using this Website.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are happy with any changes.
This policy is effective from January 1, 2010.
What information do we collect? In general, you can use this Website without giving us any information.
However, additional services may be available if we have certain information about you.
We may collect the following information: account registration information including your name, telephone number, postal address and email address; billing information, transaction and credit card information (should you make a purchase with us); if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence; and information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experiences with our products and contact preferences in order to provide you with further correspondence about our products and services.
What do we do with the information we collect? We use this information to provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: internal record keeping; to improve our products and services; to communicate with you by email, telephone or post if you have ordered or purchased products from us, either regarding the order or purchase or other matters regarding transactions between us or your customer relationship with us; to communicate with you with regard to your Tiffany.
com account, or your Tiffany &amp; Co.
Business Account; if you have purchased a product or requested a catalogue from us, you will be placed on the Tiffany &amp; Co.
mailing list and will receive periodic mailings by post from us (if you do not wish to receive a catalogue and/or periodic mailings by post please contact our customer services department by email at customerservice@tiffany.
com or by telephone Toll Free at 1-800-843-3269 to let us know and you will be removed from our mailing list); to contact you by email, telephone, SMS, MMS or post according to your preferences, in order to share information with you about our products, services and events that may be of interest to you; to contact you for market research purposes, if you have not objected to such use.
Please note that you can object to the use of your data for market research purposes at any time.
To do so please contact our customer services department by email at customerservice@tiffany.
com or by telephone Toll Free at 1-800-843-3269 to let us know.
Direct marketing As above, we would like to provide you with information about new products, promotions, special offers and other information, which we think you may find interesting.
Where you have consented to us doing so, we may send you such information by postal mail and telephone, unless you have registered with the appropriate Preference Service.
If you purchase a product from us we may retain your address for future mailings.
If you do not want your information used for direct marketing purposes at any time, please contact our customer services department by email at customerservice@tiffany.
com or by telephone Toll Free at 1-800-843-3269 to let us know and we will not send you any direct marketing.
Email marketing We would also like to provide you with the information above by email.
However, we appreciate that email "spam" has become a problem in recent years.
If you are a customer or you have previously asked us for information on our products: We may contact you regarding your purchase or other matters regarding transactions between us or your customer relationship with us, or send you information on our range of products by email, unless you have asked us not to do so; and We may also use your email address to share information about our products, services and events that may be of interest to you by way of Tiffany &amp; Co.
informational emails, unless you have asked us not to do so.
Otherwise, when you provide us with personal information, we will ask you whether you would like us to send you Tiffany &amp; Co.
informational emails.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive marketing emails from us, please click on the unsubscribe link in the email.
Alternatively, you may at any time contact our customer services department at Tiffany and Company, 727 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York, 10022, by telephone Toll Free at 1-800-843-3269 or by email at customerservice@tiffany.
com.
Who do we share this information with? We may transfer or disclose your personal information to the following categories of third parties: the third party suppliers and vendors we engage to help us run our business; unaffiliated third parties with whom we may share your information (but not your credit card information)to enable them to contact you about products or services you may be interested in; our affiliates, that is any member of our Group (meaning Tiffany and Company and its subsidiaries), as defined by applicable local law, in order to process your data for the same purposes or within the same activity as indicated in this Privacy Policy; or a purchaser or potential purchaser of our business.
We will not share your information in any other manner except as otherwise stated above unless we have your permission or are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of Tiffany &amp; Co.
, our customers or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction within the framework of the relevant data protection law.
Given that we are an international company, this process may include sending personal information to other countries, whose data protection laws may not be the same as may exist in your country of residence.
However, we have taken appropriate steps to ensure a responsible and high level of protection for the processing carried out in all countries in which we operate.
Please see the section on 'Security and storage' below.
Notice to California Residents: California's Shine the Light law Subject to certain limits under California Civil Code Section 1798.
83, California residents may ask us to provide them with (i) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (ii) the identity of those third parties.
To make this request, California residents may write to our customer relations department at Tiffany and Company, Customer Relations, 75-20 Astoria Boulevard, East Elmhurst, NY 11370 or by telephone Toll Free at 1-800-464-5000 or by email at customerrelations@tiffany.
com.
How to get copies of or amend the information we have collected? You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the applicable data protection legislation.
If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to our customer services department at Tiffany and Company Customer Services, 727 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10022 or by email at customerservice@tiffany.
com.
If you think any information we have about you is incorrect or incomplete, or you wish to have your details removed from our contact database please write to our customer services department at Tiffany and Company Customer Services, 727 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10022 or by telephone Toll Free at 1-800-843-3269 or by email at customerservice@tiffany.
com as soon as possible.
We will correct or update any information as soon as possible.
Security and storage In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect on line.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
.
All information provided through our Website, telephone, catalogue and in store is stored on servers located in the USA.
Such information will be processed by staff operating in the USA who work for our group.
Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services.
By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
Tiffany and Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Linking We may link to other websites which are not within our control.
When we do this, we will try and make it as clear as possible that you are leaving our Website.
We are not responsible for these websites in any way.
Once you have left our Website, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Cookies We use cookies for certain areas of our Website, including but not limited to session cookies, persistent cookies and web beacons.
Cookies are files that store information on your hard drive or browser that allow our Website to recognize that you have visited our Website before.
They make it easier for you to maintain your preferences on the Website, and by seeing how you use the Website, we can tailor the Website around your preferences and measure usability of the Website.
We use cookies to: Record your session information (such as the particular Products you purchase from our Website); Record your specific information on the web pages you select to view; and Retain your answer to our question regarding residency.
You can, should you choose, disable the cookies from your browser and delete all cookies currently stored on your computer.
On Microsoft Internet Explorer, this can be done by selecting "Tools/Internet Options" and reviewing your privacy settings or by selecting "delete cookies".
However please note that this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Website.
You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking "help" on your browser's menu or by visiting www.
allaboutcookies.
org No information obtained from cookies from which individual customers can be identified will be used by us for marketing purposes.
      US 800 843 3269 Customer Service Business Accounts Registry Catalogues Email Sign Up Join Our Email List By joining our email list, you will be the first to know about exciting new products, special events, store openings and much more.
Your Email Address FOUNDATION TIFFANYWATCHES.
COM Press Careers Investors Privacy Policy Accessibility Choose Your Country © T&amp;Co.
2012 
