 Javascript Not Enabled Please enable Javascript in your browser to experience all the custom features of our site, including the ability to make a purchase.
Skip Navigation Pottery Barn pottery barn kids PBteen west elm WS Home Rejuvenation Cultivate Account Sign In My Recommendations Registry Sign In Shipping To: View Basket Checkout Search by keyword, recipe or item # Search Search Suggestions Skip Navigation Registry Find a Registry Create a New Registry Manage Registry Registry Benefits Recipes Recipe Search Recipe Box Catalog Recipes eBooks This Season In Season Now Thanksgiving Guide Burgundy From the Farm Sicily Ready to Grill Outdoor Recipes Special Features Guide to Preserving Guide to Grilling Guide to Meat Guide to Herbs Guide to Grains Art of the Cocktail Reboot Your Life Why We Cook What's For Dinner? Featured Chefs Featured Chefs &amp; Authors Jose Alvarado Brittany Baldwin Chris DiMinno The Cook's Atelier Resources Tips and Techniques Entertaining Ideas wsKids Recipes Technique Classes Gifts Featured Monogram Shop Our Best-Seller Gifts Top-Rated Gifts Gift Sets Gifts by Price Gift Cards Under $50 Under $100 Under $250 Gifts by Recipient The Cook The Griller The Entertainer The Wine Lover The Hostess The Happy Couple The Family Business Gifts Gifts by Category Top 10 Cookware Gifts Top 10 Cooks' Tools Gifts Top 10 Cutlery Gifts Top 10 Electrics Gifts Top 10 Bakeware Gifts Top 10 Food Gifts Top 10 Tabletop &amp; Bar Gifts Top 10 Homekeeping Gifts Top 10 Décor Gifts Top 10 Outdoor Gifts Top 10 Agrarian Gifts Gift Cards Wine Club Monogram Shop Cookware Shop by Category Cookware Sets Dutch Ovens &amp; Braisers Fry &amp; Sauté Pans Grill Pans &amp; Griddles Roasters Saucepans &amp; Sauciers Specialty Cookware Stock, Soup &amp; Multipots Teakettles Cast-Iron Cookware Copper Cookware International Cookware Nonstick Cookware Stainless-Steel Cookware Pot Racks Shop by Brand All-Clad Calphalon de Buyer Demeyere Le Creuset Lodge Mauviel Nordic Ware Ruffoni Scanpan Staub Swiss Diamond Featured New Cookware Top 10 Cookware Gifts Thanksgiving Cookware Top-Rated Cookware Monogram Shop Sale &amp; Offers Sale Calphalon Contemporary Nonstick Promotion Exceptional Values NEW &amp; EXCLUSIVE This special-edition cookware set is comprised of pieces hand-selected by famed chefs Thomas Keller, Daniel Boulud and Jerome Bocuse.
Buy Now  Shop New Cookware  Cooks' Tools Shop by Category Baking &amp; Pastry Tools Bar Tools Canning &amp; Preserving Colanders &amp; Strainers Cookbooks Cooking Utensils Cutting Boards Fruit &amp; Vegetable Tools Graters &amp; Peelers Grill Tools &amp; Accessories Mandolines &amp; Slicers Meat &amp; Seafood Tools Mixing Bowls &amp; Measuring Cups Salt &amp; Pepper Mills Specialized Kitchen Tools Timers, Thermometers &amp; Scales Wine Tools Shop by Brand All-Clad Chef'n Kuhn Rikon Microplane® OXO Rösle WMF Zoku Zwilling J.
A.
Henckels Featured New Cooks' Tools Top 10 Cooks' Tools Gifts Thanksgiving Cooks' Tools Top-Rated Cooks' Tools Monogram Shop Sale &amp; Offers Sale NEW &amp; EXCLUSIVE Perfect for the kid in all of us.
Buy Now  Shop New Cooks' Tools  Cutlery Shop by Category Knife Sets Bread Knives Ceramic Knives Chef's &amp; Santoku Knives Cleavers &amp; Boning Knives Paring Knives Slicing &amp; Carving Knives Specialty Knives Steak Knives Utility Knives Kitchen Shears Cutting Boards Knife Sharpeners &amp; Storage Shop by Brand Global Kikuichi Kyocera Laguiole en Aubrac Masahiro Michel Bras Opinel Sabatier Shun Wüsthof Zwilling J.
A.
Henckels Featured New Cutlery Top 10 Cutlery Gifts Top-Rated Cutlery Monogram Shop Sale &amp; Offers Wüsthof Gourmet Promotion Sale Exceptional Values SPECIAL OFFER Save up to 65% on Wüsthof Gourmet cutlery.
Shop Now  Electrics Shop by Category Blenders &amp; Juicers Coffee Makers &amp; Teakettles Cooking for Baby Espresso Makers Food Processors Mixers &amp; Attachments Panini Presses &amp; Grills Pressure, Rice &amp; Slow Cookers Specialty Electrics Toasters &amp; Ovens Waffle Makers Stoves Shop by Brand All-Clad Beaba Breville Cuisinart KitchenAid Magimix by Robot-Coupe Miele Nespresso Saeco Starbucks Technivorm Vitamix Featured New Electrics Top 10 Electrics Gifts Top-Rated Electrics Sale &amp; Offers Sale Exceptional Values NEW &amp; EXCLUSIVE Starbucks lattes, espresso &amp; coffee at home… at the touch of a button.
Buy Now   Shop New Electrics  Bakeware Shop by Category Baking Dishes Baking &amp; Pastry Tools Bread &amp; Loaf Pans Cake Pans Cookie Cutters &amp; Pancake Molds Cupcake &amp; Muffin Pans Gift Packaging Mixing Bowls &amp; Measuring Cups Pie Dishes &amp; Tart Pans Sheet Pans &amp; Cookie Sheets Shop by Brand Emile Henry Le Creuset Nordic Ware USA Pan Shop by Collection Cars 2 Marvel ™ Sesame Street™ Snow White Star Wars™ Featured New Bakeware Top 10 Bakeware Gifts Top-Rated Bakeware Halloween Bakeware Thanksgiving Bakeware Christmas Bakeware The Cupcake Shop The Cookie Shop The Pie Shop Sale &amp; Offers Sale ONLY AT WILLIAMS-SONOMA Our signature professional-quality baking pans offer superb performance and impeccable release.
Buy Now  Shop USA Pan Bakeware  Food Shop by Category Appetizers &amp; Hors d'Oeuvres Baking Mixes &amp; Ingredients Beverages Butcher Shop Cakes &amp; Cookies Candy &amp; Chocolate Cheese &amp; Accompaniments Cooking Ingredients Cooking Sauces Croissants &amp; Pastries DIY &amp; Homemade Kits Food for the Grill Meat &amp; Poultry Oils, Vinegars &amp; Condiments Plants Seafood Seeds Spices &amp; Seasonings Shop By Collection Blackberry Farm Blue Hill Farm Foods from Chef Thomas Keller Galaxy Pastries Mohr-Fry Ranches Williams-Sonoma Spice Collection Featured New Food Top 10 Food Gifts Top-Rated Food Halloween Food Thanksgiving Food Christmas Food The Cookie Shop From the Farm Freshly Ground Grains Organic Food Gluten-Free Food Sale &amp; Offers Sale Learn More Guide to Grains ONLY AT WILLIAMS-SONOMA Authentic, French-style croissants, ready to bake and serve.
Buy Now  Shop Top-Rated Food  Tabletop &amp; Bar Shop by Category Dinnerware Flatware Serveware Entertaining Accessories Table Linens Glassware Stemware Bar Tools Wine Tools Beer &amp; Wine Storage Shop by Brand Apilco Baccarat® Pillivuyt Riedel Schott Zwiesel Waterford William Yeoward Shop by Collection Tabletop Collections Williams-Sonoma Pantry Vintage Shop Featured New Tabletop &amp; Bar Top 10 Tabletop &amp; Bar Gifts Top-Rated Tabletop &amp; Bar Halloween Tabletop &amp; Décor Thanksgiving Tabletop Christmas Tabletop Outdoor Dining Monogram Shop Entertaining Ideas End of Summer Supper Halloween Party French Market Dinner Dinner in Burgundy Wine &amp; Cheese Thanksgiving Feast Traditional Thanksgiving Dinner Sale &amp; Offers Sale MONOGRAM SHOP Learn about our monogramming options, including font and lettering styles, thread colors and techniques.
Learn More  Homekeeping Shop by Category Aprons &amp; Oven Mitts Cleaning Tools &amp; Supplies Cushion Mats &amp; Doormats Dish Cloths &amp; Towels Food Storage Gift Packaging Irons &amp; Laundry Care Kitchen Islands &amp; Carts Kitchen Organization Ladders &amp; Step Stools Shelving &amp; Pot Racks Soaps, Lotions &amp; Fragrances Trash &amp; Recycling Vacuums Wreaths Shop by Brand Miele Shop by Collection MLB™ Aprons NFL™ Aprons Featured New Homekeeping Top 10 Homekeeping Gifts Top-Rated Homekeeping Thanksgiving Décor Christmas Décor Monogram Shop Sale &amp; Offers Sale FREE SHIPPING All Miele vacuums ship free! Offer not valid for international shipping.
Shop Miele Vacuums  Outdoor Shop by Category Grills Pizza Ovens Outdoor Cookware Grill Tools Grill Accessories Food for the Grill Outdoor Tabletop Outdoor Décor Shop by Brand Viking Featured Top 10 Outdoor Gifts Top-Rated Outdoor Monogram Shop Sale &amp; Offers Sale Learn More Steel Grill Cookware Viking Grills Butcher Shop In Season Now Outdoor Recipes Guide to Grilling ONLY AT WILLIAMS-SONOMA Fire up the power and performance of Viking for outdoor grilling.
Shop Viking Grills  Williams-Sonoma Home Shop by Category Furniture &amp; Upholstery Bedding &amp; Bath Decorative Accessories Lighting Pillows &amp; Throws Rugs &amp; Mats Stoves Wall Décor Wreaths Shop by Collection Living Room Collections Dining Room Collections Bedroom Collections Shop the Look Living Room Kitchen Bedroom Featured New Furniture &amp; Décor Top 10 Décor Gifts Top-Rated Furniture &amp; Décor Monogram Shop Sale &amp; Offers Free Shipping Sale Learn More For Designers Store Availability FREE SHIPPING Luxurious bedding and throws ship free! Offer not valid for international shipping.
Shop Bedding  Agrarian Shop by Category Plants Seeds Garden Tools Garden Supplies Raised Beds &amp; Planters Beekeeping Chicken Coops Canning &amp; Preserving DIY &amp; Homemade Kits Books Vintage Healthy Living Shop by Brand Farmer D Featured New Agrarian Top-Rated Agrarian Agrarian Gifts Learn More Guide to Preserving In Season Now Store Availability Chef Collaborations Billy Allin Canal House Liam LaCivita Ray Garcia Sean Brock AGRARIAN Bring the homegrown and homemade to your everyday table – explore over 250 products.
Shop Agrarian  Main Content Starts Here Main Content Starts Here Customer Service Order Information Track Your U.
S.
Order Track Your International Order Returns International Returns and Exceptions Shipping Information Contact Information Find a Store Store Events Catalog Request Online Catalog Catalog Mailing Options Catalog Address Change Sign Up for Our Emails Email Frequency Options Contact Us General Information Frequently Asked Questions International Orders Sign up for International Emails Ratings, Reviews and Q&amp;A About Us Chuck Williams No Kid Hungry® Business Sales Designer Marketplace Williams-Sonoma Visa Credit Card Terms &amp; Conditions Privacy Policy Legal Statement Terms &amp; Conditions Welcome to williams-sonoma.
com ("Web Site")! We are part of "Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands" which includes Williams-Sonoma®, Pottery Barn®, pottery barn kids®, PBteen®, west elm® and Rejuvenation®.
Please take a few minutes to review these Terms and Conditions.
Your purchase of products from us constitutes your agreement to follow these Terms and Conditions and to be bound by them.
These Terms and Conditions May Change Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands reserves the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice.
For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you purchase products from us or use our Web Site.
Shipping and Processing Fees Our shipping and processing charges are intended to compensate our company for the cost of processing your order, handling and packing the products you purchase and delivering them to you.
We encourage you to also review detailed information about our shipping and processing fees.
Back to Top Use of Our Web Site User Comments We welcome your comments about our Web Site.
However, any comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications (collectively "Comments") sent to our Web Site shall be and remain the exclusive property of Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands.
Your submission of any such Comments shall constitute an assignment to Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the Comments.
Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way.
For this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, computer code or original artwork.
Hyperlinks to other Web Sites To the extent our Web Site contains hyperlinks to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands does not control, any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any hyperlink thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource.
Back to Top Disclaimer This Web Site and all Content available on this Web Site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
You acknowledge, by your use of this Web Site, that your use of this Web Site is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this Web Site, and that Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this Web Site.
Product Pricing Information The prices displayed on our Web Site may differ from prices that are available in stores or in catalogs, and our pricing may differ from store to store.
If you are in the U.
S.
or Canada Web Site prices will be displayed in U.
S.
Dollars.
Elsewhere Web Site prices will generally be displayed in the local currency.
The prices displayed in our printed catalogs are quoted in U.
S.
Dollars and are valid and effective only in the U.
S.
For full-price products, "Suggested Price" or "Sugg.
Price" refers to the manufacturers' suggested retail price.
"Our Price" refers to the everyday value price we offer to our customers.
For sale products (identified by pricing in red), "Suggested Price" or "Sugg.
Price" refers to the most recent selling price.
"Sale" refers to the reduced price we are offering to our customers.
Special Offers Occasionally we will offer special promotions to our customers that we refer to as "special offers" or "special offer".
This can include a gift with purchase, free shipping, manufacturer offers, or other promotional activity associated with a product purchase.
These offers may be for a limited time only.
Inaccuracy Disclaimer From time to time there may be information on our Web Site or in our catalog that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability.
Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
* * * * * * * * * * Any action relating to the use of the Web Site, catalogs or any transaction with Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
must be brought in the state or federal courts located in the County of San Francisco, California.
Last Updated: November 2011 Back to Top Privacy Policy We are part of "Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands" which includes Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn, pottery barn kids, PBteen, west elm and Rejuvenation.
Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands are committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of contact information you share with us (the phrase "contact information" means any information by which you can be contacted, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.
).
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review, correct and opt out of our use of, the information.
By using any of our web sites or sharing your contact information with us, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
As a part of our commitment to your privacy, Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands support and adhere to the guidelines and practices adopted by the Direct Marketing Association's "Privacy Promise to American Consumers.
" We have agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale, or exchange with other marketers; (2) honor customers' requests not to share their contact information with other marketers; and (3) honor customers' requests not to receive mail, telephone, or other solicitations from Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands.
Collecting Information About You There may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive catalogs, or to participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, etc.
) when we ask you to provide certain contact information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, and other information.
We may also maintain a record of your product purchases.
Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice.
But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web sites.
In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc.
, even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us.
In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any contact information about yourself.
We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for preferences, trends, and site usage statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.
Using Information About You We use your contact information for internal purposes only, such as: confirming and tracking your order, subscription, or registration; analyzing preferences, trends, and statistics; informing you of our new products, services, and offers; and providing you with other information from and about Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands.
We process your contact information only in ways compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or authorized by you.
To the extent necessary for such purposes, we take reasonable steps to make sure that your contact information is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use.
From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours.
These are known as our Select Partners.
In such cases we might rent, exchange, share and/or cross-reference information, including contact information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you.
To serve you better, we may combine information you give us online, in our stores or through our catalogs.
We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with our Select Partners and others.
We use that combined information to enhance and personalize the shopping experience of you and others with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes.
We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services, etc.
We call them our Service Providers.
We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services.
We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web sites.
These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.
g.
, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you.
These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information.
To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.
networkadvertising.
org/.
In certain instances we may disclose your contact information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands or to others.
We may also disclose your contact information when we believe the law or legal process requires it.
Opting Out Of Marketing And Transfers; Updating and Deleting Information About You We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us.
If you prefer not to receive direct marketing from us or from our Select Partners, or if you would like to opt out of our rental or exchange of your information with other marketers, please let us know.
In the U.
S.
, you can call us at 800.
541.
1262 or send us an email.
Outside of the U.
S.
, you can call us at 405.
717.
6139 or send us an email.
Please be sure to include your full name, email address, mailing address, and specifically what information you do not want to receive.
If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other contact information with us please contact us the same way.
If you like, you may use either of the following statements in your message to us: "I prefer not to receive email advertisements, such as updates regarding products and services, special promotions or upcoming events.
" "I prefer not to receive direct mail advertisements, such as periodic catalogs and mailings regarding products and services, special promotions or upcoming events.
" You may also click the designated link at the bottom of all email advertisements to be removed from future email updates.
Please note that any requests to remove or update your contact information may take up to ten days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request.
Back to Top International Customer Privacy For international shipping orders, Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands partner with FiftyOne, Inc.
("FiftyOne").
We have contracted with FiftyOne to assure that they will carefully process your information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
When we identify that your order is one that will be shipped internationally, we work with FiftyOne to complete your order.
On the checkout page, you will be required to submit credit card and contact information (name, billing address, shipping address, email address and phone number) to FiftyOne to complete your order.
Upon completion of your order, FiftyOne will notify us of the approval of your order, and we will then ship approved orders to FiftyOne.
Simultaneously, FiftyOne will purchase the product from us, which allows them to take title to the product(s), bill your credit card, collect and remit any duties and taxes to the appropriate taxing authority and arrange for the product to be delivered to you.
In this process, FiftyOne makes the sale to you as the merchant of record.
When ordering a product, you will be presented with FiftyOne's terms and conditions to which you must agree in order to receive the product(s) you ordered.
Once you place your order, you will be prompted to check the box to indicate if you would like to receive information from Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands regarding offers and promotions that may be available from time to time.
If you check the box, FiftyOne will share your information with Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands, and we will protect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you choose to provide Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands with your information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United States.
Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands adheres to the EU-US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement, and is registered with the U.
S.
Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Program.
Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your information should be directed to Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands by calling us at 405.
717.
6139 or sending us an email.
We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
For complaints that cannot be resolved, we have agreed to participate in the dispute resolution procedures of the American Arbitration Association pursuant to the EU-US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles.
Cookies When you visit our web sites, we send one or more "cookies" to your computer or other device.
We may also use cookies in emails that you receive from us.
A "cookie" is a small data file that is placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a web site.
A "session cookie" expires immediately when you end your session (i.
e.
, close your browser).
A "persistent cookie" stores information on the hard drive so when you end your session and return to the same web site at a later date the cookie information is still available.
Generally, we use cookies to improve the quality of our service when you visit our web site and other web sites of interest to you.
We also use cookies to remind us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, assist our online merchants to track visits to and sales at our web sites and to process your order, track your status in our promotions, contests and sweepstakes, and/or analyze your visiting patterns.
Certain of our Service Providers may use cookies and collect information on our behalf.
They are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other Service Providers.
However, we respect your right to choose whether to be included in such services.
You may opt out of certain of these services by clicking here.
In addition, in connection with the services that they provide to us, certain of our Service Providers may work with third parties who may use cookies to collect anonymous information to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Internet.
These third parties do not have access to any contact information about you.
If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
However, certain features of our web sites or other services may not work if you delete or disable cookies.
Back to Top Security We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us.
To guard your information delivered to us electronically, our web sites use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and address so only we are able to decode your information.
Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we strive to protect your contact information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk.
We urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone.
Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit.
This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe.
Protecting Children Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Brands take special care to protect the safety and privacy of children.
Our web sites are general audience sites.
We do not permit anyone under the age of 13 to register with us.
We also do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13.
Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any contact information to anyone online.
We urge parents and guardians to participate in their children's online activities and use parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the Internet.
Back to Top Links to Third Party Sites Our web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control.
Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy.
You access such linked sites at your own risk.
You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any of your information on such site.
Policy Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web sites, as applicable.
Those changes will go into effect on the effective date posted in the notice and at the end of the revised Privacy Policy.
The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web sites and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent.
Your continued use of our web sites or other services constitutes your acceptance of the practices described in the revised Privacy Policy.
Your Feedback To help us improve our privacy policy and practice, please give us your feedback.
In the U.
S.
, you can call us at 800.
541.
1262 or send us an email.
Outside of the U.
S.
, you can call us at 405.
717.
6139 or send us an email.
Effective Date: November 2011 Back to Top Legal Statement Copyright 2012 Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Williams-Sonoma© is a registered trademark of Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
All of the Content on this website is subject to copyright, trademark, service mark, trade dress and other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
Your use of the trademarks, service marks, trade dress and copyrighted material displayed on this website is strictly prohibited.
You may download, print and store selected portions of the Content, provided you (1) only use these copies of the Content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (2) do not copy or post the Content on any network computer or broadcast the Content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the Content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice.
No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading.
Williams-Sonoma, Inc.
reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any Content you download from this Web site.
Except as noted above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer or create derivative works from the Content.
One or more patents may apply to this Web site, including without limitation, U.
S.
Patent Nos.
5,528,490; 5,761,649; and 6,029,142.
Customer Service 877.
812.
6235 Contact Us Track Your Order Shipping Information Returns Safety Recalls Find a Store  Shop Catalog Quick Shop Gift Cards Gifts Wine Club Sale New Special Values Cookware Cooks' Tools   Cutlery Electrics Bakeware Food Glassware &amp; Bar Tabletop Homekeeping Outdoor Williams-Sonoma Home Resources Catalog Request Store Events For Professional Chefs Cooks' Network Business Sales Design Trade Find Recipes Blog Site Map Our Company About Us Chuck Williams Williams-Sonoma Inc.
Wedding &amp; Gift Registry Careers Terms &amp; Conditions/Privacy Williams-Sonoma Visa Credit Card Manage Your Account Apply Now Learn More Follow @twitter   International Shipping Shipping To: From Our Family of Brands Williams-Sonoma [+] Pottery Barn [+] Pottery Barn Kids [+] PBteen [+] West Elm [+] Williams-Sonoma Home [+] Rejuvenation [+] Cultivate [+] Cookware Agrarian Gardening Tools Grills Grill Accessories Grilling Recipes Blenders Glassware Dinnerware Wedding Registry luxury bedding bath towels area rugs dining chairs living room chairs home decor throw blankets coffee tables table lamps bedding sets furniture bedroom furniture rugs beach towels duvet covers interior design ideas outdoor lighting outdoor furniture bedding sets wedding registry beach totes baby bedding baby gifts baby toys kids beds personalized beach towels toddler bedding kids backpacks beach gear nursery decorating ideas girls quilts jewelry storage wall decals beach towels decorative pillows duvet covers gifts for girls bean bag chairs boys bedding beach totes Design Blog Modern Furniture Unique Gifts Modern Outdoor Furniture Outdoor Dining Sets Bedding Modern Rugs Decorative Pillows Wall Decor Kitchen Accessories lighting lighting fixtures shades hardware window hardware vintage lighting custom lighting chandeliers door sets bathroom lighting kitchen design kitchen remodeling ideas kitchen design ideas kitchen renovation ideas kitchen trends kitchen planning kitchen appliance reviews kitchen backsplash ideas kitchen designers kitchen design tools For questions or assistance, call 24 hours a day! 877.
812.
6235 © 2012 Williams-Sonoma Inc.
All Rights Reserved Give feedback about our site.
