 Skip header Offers Brochure request Cruise Personaliser Contact us Find a travel agent Skip main navigation Home Find &amp; book cruises Find &amp; book a cruise online Cruises from Southampton European, Mediterranean and Caribbean round-trip cruises from £199 per person Caribbean Fly Cruises Escape the cold and changeable British weather! from £999 per person Exotic Fly Cruises Shorter cruises to the Middle East, the Orient, South America.
.
.
from £1,099 per person Australasia Cruises Cruises to and from Australia and New Zealand from £2,899 per person Cruise around the world Viewed as one of life's last great travel experiences from £7,899 per person Search all cruises Places we visit Africa cruises Australia cruises Baltic cruises Canary Islands cruises Caribbean cruises Central America cruises City break holidays &amp; mini cruises Eastern Mediterranean cruises Far East cruises Indian Ocean cruises Norway &amp; Fjord cruises Middle East cruises Panama Canal cruises South America cruises South Pacific cruises USA &amp; Canada cruises Western Mediterranean cruises World cruises Featured Cruises Strictly Come Dancing BBC One series ‘Strictly Come Dancing’ will be joining us across seven cruises during 2013.
from £1,179 per person Christmas cruises Sail with us over the festive period and there’ll be even more reason to celebrate.
from £899 per person Latest Cruise Offers Short Breaks Our short cruises are an ideal way to take time out from a busy lifestyle.
from £1,099 per person This week's late deals View all current offers About P&amp;O Cruises Cruising with P&amp;O Cruises Why choose P&amp;O Cruises No one else knows the globe like P&amp;O Cruises, so we can seek out the best the world can offer you Entertainment and activities Fill your days with as much or as little as you want, whilst evenings are no doubt the social highlight.
Going ashore We work closely with local tour operators to bring you an exciting selection of excursions.
Commitment to service Your personal cabin steward will ensure your cabin is comfortable throughout your trip.
Luxury accommodation All cabins feature tea &amp; coffee facilities, in cabin-television and good sized en suite bathrooms.
Relaxed and formal dining From sumptuous silver-service restaurants to high quality buffets &amp; informal pool-side eating.
Family friendly cruising Enjoy cruises with all the family on these members of our fleet: Aurora, Azura, Oceana &amp;Ventura.
  Spa &amp; wellbeing On board you will find some of the most luxurious spa facilities afloat, offering all the latest treatments.
Value for money Where other holidays expect you to pay for meals &amp; activities, here as much as possible is already included.
First time Cruising The basics Planning a cruise holiday Days at sea Ports &amp; excursions About P&amp;O Cruises Our 175 year heritage The Peninsular Club Vantage Fares &amp; Price Promise Special Occasions Weddings &amp; renewal of vows Gifts &amp; celebrations Black tie hire for men Destinations Discovering new places.
.
.
I can't wait! Africa Asia &amp; Orient Australasia Baltic Canary Islands Caribbean Central America City breaks &amp; Around Britain East Mediterranean Fjords &amp; Iceland Indian Ocean Panama Canal South America South Pacific The Middle East USA &amp; Canada West Mediterranean World Cruises Featured ports of interest Puerto Quetzal One of the worlds newest and most exciting eco-tourism and cruise destinations.
Singapore The Garden City of the Far East is also one of the world’s busiest ports and heaven for shoppers.
.
.
.
Sydney The first glimpse of the Harbour Bridge and Opera House will stay in your memory forever.
Muscat The Sultanate of Oman’s magical capital combines stunning deserts, mountains &amp; beaches with a modern metropolis.
St Kitts The classic Caribbean island: deserted beaches, sleepy villages, lush rainforest greenery and sugarcane fields.
Venice This World Heritage city is the perfect cruise call because everything you want to see is so easily accessible.
Our ships Adonia - a real disovery Exclusively for adults, smaller ship Thanks to her small size, Adonia is a pathfinder ship, exploring ports the larger ships are unable to visit.
Azura Family-friendly, larger ship Azura offers an incredible choice of bars, restaurants, sports and spa facilities and entertainment.
Ventura Family-friendly, larger ship Ventura is one of the largest cruise ships in our fleet with a number of exciting, exclusive features, Arcadia Exclusively for adults, mid-sized ship Arcadia offers a relaxed pace, stylish surroundings and more than a hint of extravagance to P&amp;O Cruises.
Oceana Family-friendly, mid-sized ship Oceana's bars, restaurants, shops and lounges give her a sociable and informal atmosphere.
Reviews of our ships Read what past passengers have to say, to help you decide which ship is right for you.
.
.
.
Aurora Family-friendly, mid-sized ship With her elegant tiered stern, Aurora is a classic ocean going vessel, ideally suited to world cruising.
Oriana Exclusively for adults, mid-sized ship Oriana's broad teak promenade &amp; lido decks are great for sun bathing &amp; watching the world go by.
Webcams &amp; tracking Community &amp; Your Account Community Welcome to the P&amp;O Cruises Community.
Here you can share experiences and photos with other members and ask questions from people who have cruised with us before.
Sign in or register Your Account There are many benefits of registering an account with P&amp;O Cruises, whether you are researching a cruise holiday, have booked a cruise and also when you return home again.
View your future cruises View your loyalty club tier and points Write a cruise review Manage your details Manage your saved cruises Cruise Personaliser Already booked? Log into Cruise Personaliser and purchase shore excursions, manage your pre-cruise information and more.
.
.
Offers Spring Caribbean Getaway fares Exotic fly-cruise Getaway fares Winter 2012 &amp; Spring 2013 offers This week's late deals Skip breadcrumb trail Skip banner content Privacy Skip main content Privacy Policy Introduction This website is owned, managed and operated by Carnival plc.
P&amp;O Cruises is a trading name of Carnival plc.
Any personal information provided to P&amp;O Cruises is controlled by Carnival plc (we and us).
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and store personal information about you and your use of this website.
What information do we collect and how do we use it? We will not collect any information about individuals, except where it is specifically and knowingly provided, for example, if you book a cruise, request brochures or other information from us or enter competitions or register for promotions.
We may also invite you to complete surveys or provide us with feedback.
All this data is referred to in this Privacy Policy as 'personal information'.
We collect personal information such as name, address, telephone number and email address.
If you book a cruise we will also collect your passport and credit or debit card details.
Other information that we collect may include medical, health, mobility and dietary requirements.
This allows us to process and fulfil your booking or other requests.
If you provide us with the personal information of any third parties, for example any other passengers included in a booking for a cruise, you must have the authority of those third parties to provide their personal information to us for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
If you book a cruise the personal information you provide to us will be used for the purposes set out in the Data Protection section of our Booking Conditions.
The personal information you provide to us or which we obtain through your dealings with us may also be used to review, develop and improve the cruises and other services we offer and for statistical analysis.
We, and other Carnival Corporation group companies (including those in the US), may use the information that we collect to contact you by post, email and/or telephone with information and offers from P&amp;O Cruises and other Carnival group cruise brands (such as Cunard, Princess Cruises, Seabourn Cruise Line, Ocean Village, Holland America Line, Carnival Cruise Lines and Costa Cruises).
If you have booked and you would like to alter your marketing preferences you can now do so via the Cruise Personaliser system on the P&amp;O Cruises website.
Alternatively, you can write to us at Customer Data Department, P&amp;O Cruises, Carnival House, 100 Harbour Parade, Southampton, SO15 1ST.
If you wish to obtain a copy of the personal information held about you, please write to the above address.
We may make a charge for supplying this information as permitted by law.
Will P&amp;O Cruises share the information it receives? If you book a cruise we may pass your personal information on to other relevant suppliers of your travel arrangements such as airlines, hotels and transport companies.
Your personal information may also be passed to travel agents, security and credit checking companies, credit and charge card companies, government and enforcement agencies and to the public authorities of any country in your itinerary, including customs and immigration authorities.
This may involve sending your personal information between different countries, including countries outside the European Economic Area where controls on data protection may not be as strong as the legal requirements in the United Kingdom.
Contractors: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.
Examples include fulfilling requests, processing payments, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analysing data and providing marketing assistance.
Our contractors have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
We may share non-personal aggregate statistics about visitors to this site and traffic patterns with other parties.
Cookies and web tags Cookies are small text files that are downloaded to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to identify your computer to our server.
If you pro-actively click to indicate that you wish the website to remember certain details (such as a username and password) a cookie will be downloaded so that, upon re-visiting the same page in the website, the cookie will automatically re-populate the information remembered, without your having to re-enter it.
Cookies do not identify you personally, but the computer used, unless you have knowingly provided us with personal information.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to prevent this.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
For more information about cookies and how to stop cookies being installed or how to delete existing cookies from your hard drive visit the following website: http://www.
allaboutcookies.
org.
Some pages of our website have been coded with 'web tags' so as to enable us to monitor use of our website, by providing us with the following types of anonymous information: the number of unique users of, and visits to, our site the URL address you have left to come to our site which search engine and search words you have used whether you are a return visitor which browser you are using and the country in which your computer is located the pages on which you enter and leave our site which other pages of our site you visit and for how long the paths you use to navigate through our site Over time, the information from these web tags, which is aggregated for all our site visitors, enables us to build up a picture of what types of visitors our website is attracting, how visitors use our site, and which of our products and offers most interest our visitors.
This, in turn, helps us to improve our website and provide content which is of more interest and relevance.
We use a third party website analytics provider, Google Analytics, to track and analyse the information recorded by the web tags on our behalf.
Links We may from time to time establish relationships with other organisations that will enable you to access the web sites of such organisations directly from our site.
Each individual organisation operates its own policy regarding the use and sale of personal information and the use of cookies.
If you have a particular interest or concern regarding the way your personal information will be used then you are advised to read the privacy statement on the relevant site.
We will try to provide you with links to high quality, reputable sites which we believe will be of interest and relevant to you, but please note that such third party sites are not under our control and we do not contribute to the content of such sites.
When you click through to these sites you leave the area controlled by us.
We cannot accept responsibility for any issues arising in connection with either the third party's use of your data, the site content or the services offered to you by these sites.
What choices do I have? You do not have to provide us with any of the personal information requested.
If at any stage you change your preferences and decide you would rather not receive news, information and offers about our cruises and services please write to us at Customer Data Department, P&amp;O Cruises, Carnival House, 100 Harbour Parade, Southampton, SO15 1ST.
Security If you make payment on-line all of your personal information is encrypted using SSL ("Secure Sockets Layer").
SSL is an industry-standard protocol for encryption over the internet.
This helps to protect your personal information from being read by anyone else.
As with any standard email, emails containing your personal data sent to or from us will not be encrypted.
Policy changes If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy made by us will be posted here and will take effect immediately.
This policy was last updated on 5 June 2009.
  Back to top Skip right column Information Booking conditions Privacy policy Consumer protection Website terms of use Environmental policy Security Guide     Skip footer links Quick links open close Find &amp; book cruises Cruise year 2012 cruises 2013 cruises Search all cruises Cruise duration 2 night cruises 3 night cruises 4 to 6 night cruises 7 night cruises 14 night cruises Search all Cruise region Caribbean cruises Mediterranean cruises Short cruises World cruises Search all Cruise destination Venice cruises Rome cruises St Petersburg cruises Barcelona cruises Monte Carlo cruises Bruges cruises Lisbon cruises Bilbao cruises Amsterdam cruises Search all Cruise offers Show all cruise deals Our ships Adonia Arcadia Aurora Azura Oceana Oriana Ventura Webcams Your reviews Destinations Africa Asia &amp; Orient Australasia Baltic Canary Islands Caribbean Central America City breaks East Mediterranean Fjords &amp; Iceland Indian Ocean Panama Canal South America South Pacific The Middle East USA &amp; Canada West Mediterranean World Cruises P&amp;O Cruises experience Our heritage Our service Dining Entertainment Shore excursions Family fun New to cruising Where we sail from Watch our videos Cruise travel magazine Christmas cruises How can we help? Before you sail Meet the fleet Life on board On shore Returning home Special occasions Find us on Travel agents Careers Legal Press NEWAbout Cookies This website uses cookies to give you the very best user experience.
By using our website, you agree that we can place cookies on your device.
For more information see About Cookies.
X This website uses cookies to give you the very best user experience.
By using our website, you agree that we can place cookies on your device.
For more information see the 'About Cookies' link at the bottom of this page.
Server = NTWEB006A Country In Session (from GeoIP Sniffer) = UK Show AU Content setting = True X_Forwarded_FOR = User IP = 10.
35.
0.
246 SessionID = nsftapblmhfofqzywr5auc55 RenderTime = 00:00:31.
8906250 Page rendered at 2012-10-09T12:41:33 Back to top of page 
