   All Bracelets Classic Premier Prestige Charm Lynx Odyssey Titanium Curve Sportband Silicone Flex Sportband Flex Leather Flex Titanium Sleek Key Chains Expansion Band How to Build Your ID Build Your Bracelet Build Your Necklace Build Kids Necklace Build Kids Bracelet Medical ID Questions MyIHR Frequent Questions e-MedTAG Frequent Questions Medical Alarm USB IDs Polishing Cloth See ID Charms iPhone Case with Rescue Dispatcher App Medical ID Wallet Card Emergency Notes Health Passports Just the Chain Free Medical Logs Magnets Stickers Key Chains Medical ID Extras Tyvek&amp;reg Zipp ID Bags Gift Cards Bracelets Necklaces Accessories Sportband Flex Silicone Flex Leather Flex Sportband Titanium Sleek Build Kids Bracelet Build Kids Necklace Medical Alert Monitoring System Contact us About Us Frequent Questions How to Order Life Stories e•MedTAG Frequent Questions For Healthcare Professionals My Interactive Health Record Send Me More Online Affiliate Program Medical ID Order Forms Partner Affiliate Program Medical ID Reimbursement Video Testimonials Newsletter Health News Brief Media In the News All Necklaces Premier Classic Dog Tag Charm Oval Tag Odyssey Titanium Dog Tag USB IDs Infinity Key Chains Necklace Chain Sale All Bracelets Styles for Her Styles for Him Styles for Kids/Teens Activewear Charm MyIHR (interactive) Sterling Silver Titanium Gold/Gold-Filled Gold on Sterling Silver Stainless Steel Leather Silicone Sportband Premier Classic Prestige Charms Lynx Odyssey Dog Tag Infinity Titanium Curve USB IDs Flex Sleek Sportband Expansion Bands Key Chains MyIHR IDs (interactive) All Necklaces Styles for Her Styles for Him Styles for Kids/Teens MyIHR (interactive) USB IDs Dog Tag Charm Sterling Silver Titanium Gold/Gold-Filled Gold on Sterling Silver Stainless Steel Just the Chain USB Medical IDs   Privacy Policy TRUSTe American Medical ID has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information.
TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions.
This privacy statement covers the Web site, www.
americanmedical-id.
com.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact American Medical ID at PrivacyOfficer@IdentifyYourself.
com.
If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here.
This Privacy Policy covers www.
AmericanMedical-ID.
com.
  A separate privacy policy covering American Medical ID's Interactive Health Record is at http://www.
myihr.
com/home_omr/privacypolicy.
php.
The personal health information that is stored in the Registry is solely for the use of those who place their health records in a personal file there.
Any use of personal information described below does not apply to the Interactive Health Record.
What is personally identifiable information (PII)? What is aggregate information? The information American Medical ID collects and how Cookies and other online tracking devices How we secure personally identifiable information How we use the personal information you give us With your permission, we may send you news and promotions How we treat personal health information How we use information not collected from order forms You have options How to reach us What is personally identifiable information (PII)?: Personally identifiable information (also called PII in this policy) is any information that can be traced back to a specific person.
Some examples include your name, your address and your credit card number.
Back to top What is aggregate information?: Aggregate information is collected from groups of people and cannot be traced back to any individual.
Statistics, for example, are a form of aggregate information.
Back to top The information American Medical ID collects and how: When you order a medical ID or other product from us, you must include personal information on an order form, whether a paper form that you mail or fax to us, a form filled in for you by our customer service staff via phone, or an online form.
Order forms ask for your name, gender, billing address, email address, shipping and payment information, such as your credit card number.
Order forms also include information that you have us engrave on your medical ID, which usually includes personal health information and may include contact information for relatives, friends or health care professionals.
We store an accurate record of what you have us engrave on an ID alongside your name and the other personal information that you give us.
Our order forms display promotion codes that tell us where customers got their forms.
These codes remain attached to personally identifiable information, as do responses to the question on our website "Where did you hear about us?".
We collect aggregate data from our website as well as from order forms that are mailed, faxed or phoned in to us.
This data is not attached to any personally identifiable information, except in the case of the promotion codes described immediately above.
We collect personal contact information on our website, including Name, Address, Telephone and Email Address.
Occasionally, we conduct voluntary online surveys on our website or send out surveys by email to past customers who have told us that we may email them.
These surveys collect no personally identifiable information unless it is volunteered by a respondent, and we use only aggregate data collected from each survey.
We log all communications with our customers, whether by Live Chat, telephone, mail or email.
We do this simply in order to keep a record of these exchanges or to train customer service staff.
Service Providers American Medical ID utilizes outside service providers for billing, shipping marketing services, Web analytics and Web hosting.
These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Blogs If you use a bulletin board, blog or chat room on this Web site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected or used by other users of these forms, and could be used to send you unsolicted messages.
We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at PrivacyOfficer@IdentifyYourself.
com.
In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Social Media Widgets Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button [and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site].
These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly.
Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site.
Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Back to top Cookies and other online tracking devices: Many websites, including ours, gather information from online visitors through cookies and tracking devices.
A cookie is a small text file sent to your computer that allows a specific task to be carried out.
Tracking devices are computer codes that trace how web visitors arrive at and use a website.
Our website uses session cookies to help you navigate our site and to keep track of selections for our products.
Session cookies are temporary.
They expire when you close your browser (Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, etc.
).
We use persistent cookies to save any information you type into our online order form.
Persistent cookies remain on your computer for a short time, even after you close your browser.
We use them so that information you type into an order form will not have to be re-entered after you leave our site and return later.
Our persistent cookies automatically expire if an order is not completed within the short period defined by the cookie or after an order is completed.
Cookies also track orders and shipping within our system.
This allows us to be more efficient in handling and shipping orders and allows us to keep customers informed about the progress of their orders.
We don't use these cookies in any other way.
Your browser lets you erase or even block cookies if you don't want them on your computer.
(Check the instructions in your browser's help menu for how to do this.
) However, our website requires use of cookies if you want to order from us.
If you block cookies, you will be able to see most parts of our website, but you will not be able to place an order online.
We have no outside advertisers on our website.
(On other websites, outside advertisers may use cookies to gather and sell or share personal information about the site's visitors.
Our site does not allow this.
) We use third party cookies of our partners, affiliates, tracking utility companies, and service providers to trace how visitors arrive at our website.
This practice helps us improve access to our web pages.
These tracking devices also record use of promotions and discounts offered for our products through other websites.
In addition, we track how web visitors use our site in order to learn what works and what doesn't in our ordering and purchasing processes.
In no case do we gather personally identifiable information via tracking devices.
We do not have access or control over these cookies.
Our third party tracking utility company employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.
k.
a.
Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective.
Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users.
In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information.
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients.
This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
Back to top How we secure personally identifiable information: American Medical ID secures and encrypts personal information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology whenever that information is transferred on the Internet.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
We use respected service providers outside of our company to verify credit card information and to detect fraudulent use of personal information.
We use additional in-house security measures to protect personal information stored in our electronic databases.
We limit in-house access to personally identifiable information to staff directly responsible for processing orders, obtaining payments or maintaining our database.
Back to top How we use the personal information you give us: Our primary reason for collecting personally identifiable information (PII) is to fill orders for our products.
We use the PII you give us to confirm your order, to produce IDs, to collect payment, to tell you about the progress of your order and to ship it to you.
All of the information we request from you is necessary for these purposes.
We require, in particular, your email address and phone number so that we can contact you if we have questions about your order.
We might contact you, for example, if we find a mistake or inconsistency in the information you provide for engraving your ID.
Your well-being depends on the accuracy of that information, and we want to be sure that your ID will work for you when needed.
If you order an ID that will be worn by someone else, we retain any information you have us engrave on an ID for that person, but we don't use this data in any way once your order for the ID has been filled.
Nor do we ever use contact information for relatives or health care providers that you place on an ID except to engrave your ID.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.
After your order has been completed, American Medical ID must store your personally identifiable information (PII) in order to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at PrivacyOfficer@IdentifyYourself.
com.
Any further use of your PII is the subject of the statements below.
Any further use of your PII is the subject of the statements below.
We do not sell or share the personally identifiable information (PII).
All the information we collect from customers remains within our hands.
We don't supplement the PII we have about our customers with information from any third-party source.
Back to top With your permission, we may send you news and promotions: Once your order is completed at American Medical ID, we would use your personal information primarily to communicate with you, unless you have opted out of any further use of your personally identifiable information.
This section describes the reasons for which we might contact you and outlines the restrictions we place on ourselves in contacting our customers.
We will not phone you once your order has been completed.
To those who want to hear from us, we use the names and addresses of our customers to mail or email an occasional newsletter.
At times, we may send information targeted to people with specific health conditions.
We also occasionally send out commercial offers or promotions for products likely to interest our customers; and from time to time we send out surveys.
Our system for handling mail and email requires that you receive an initial mailing from American Medical ID.
This is a condition of buying our products.
This mail will be the next scheduled newsletter or promotional notice we send out.
Should you not want to continue receiving our mailings, every mail or email we send contains the mechanism for unsubscribing from our mailing list.
In the case of email, you will merely click on an "unsubscribe" button contained in every American Medical ID mailing.
Postal mail will display an address for an unsubscribe request (American Medical ID, 949 Wakefield, Suite100, Houston, TX 77018).
You may also send email to PrivacyOfficer@IdentifyYourself.
com for help in unsubscribing.
If you prefer to unsubscribe by phone you can do so by contacting us at 1.
800.
363.
5985.
Even if you do initially choose to receive our mailings, you will have the opportunity to opt out of all further communications whenever you like.
The means we provide for unsubscribing or opting out will take a minimum of time and effort on your part, as described above.
Whatever method you use will remove you from our mail and email lists simultaneously, and from any other use of your personally identifiable information.
Your request to stop receiving materials from us will be effective within 10 days after we receive the request.
Back to top How we treat personal health information: Once your ID has been completed, we use your personal health information (which we get only through information engraved on your ID) to identify customers who are likely to appreciate receiving information about a specific health condition or about certain health products from us.
We use personally identifiable health information for no other purpose.
You should be aware that even the initial mailing you receive from us after purchasing an ID may be related to the health information you have us engrave on it.
While this initial mailing is a condition of buying from our company, you will be given the means for unsubscribing from our mailing list within that first mail or email you receive from us, including from news targeted to your health condition.
The means for unsubscribing is described above.
Even after initially allowing use of your health-related PII for mailings targeted to your condition, you may ask not to receive mail or email related to your health condition.
Every mailing to you will include a simple means for unsubscribing from our mailing list, as described above.
American Medical ID sometimes cooperates with health organizations in educating people about specific health conditions.
We also work with other commercial companies in promoting health products.
These activities involve mailings to customers targeted by the information engraved on an ID (but only those who have permitted us to communicate with them).
However, we do such cooperative mailings ourselves so that our customers' personally identifiable information does not leave our hands.
Back to top How we use information not collected from order forms: As described under "Cookies and other online tracking devices," American Medical ID uses cookies to help customers find and navigate our website and to streamline the process of purchasing from us.
No personally identifiable information is gathered or retained by us from cookies.
When American Medical ID uses third party tracking services to trace how web visitors arrive at our site, we do so solely to improve access to our site and to learn about customers' needs and preferences.
We use tracking devices within our website merely to improve how the site functions.
No personally identifiable information is gathered through tracking devices.
Overall, the aggregate data American Medical ID collects from tracking devices help us develop new products; simplify ordering from us; learn (in aggregate) who our customers are; and learn, overall, where our customers hear about us.
None of this aggregate data is connected to personally identifiable information.
Our company sometimes cooperates with non-profit or other commercial organizations in promoting medical IDs.
These organizations may place links to American Medical ID on their own websites, usually offering discounts or specialized IDs.
In those cases, we track the information that a visitor arrived at our website through a particular organization's link in order to record the discount due, to take a customer to the correct web page for a promotion that interests him or her, or to credit the other organization for providing links to our website.
We don't use such tracking information for any other purpose, and in all but one case (described immediately below) we do not gain any personally identifiable information through tracking.
We attach one type of tracking information to personally identifiable information.
The promotion codes that appear on our order forms tell us where a customer got the form and if the code is part of a promotion for our products.
While we do keep these codes attached to the personal data of individual customers, we only use information we gain from the codes in aggregate, without any reference to individuals.
We use information gathered from surveys (posted on our website or distributed by email) only in aggregate.
Responses given on surveys cannot be traced to any individual, unless a survey participant volunteered to give us contact information.
We use the data gained from surveys only to help us improve products, streamline the process of ordering, learn (in aggregate) who our customers are and learn where our customers hear about us.
We use any personal contact information given to us in a survey solely (and infrequently) to get in touch with respondents for follow-up on answers given in the survey.
This personally identifiable information is not attached to the aggregate data we gain through surveys.
Back to top You have options: You may learn what personally identifiable information (PII) we have about you and change, delete or update it.
Simply call our customer service at 1.
800.
363.
5985, or write to us at American Medical ID, 949 Wakefield, Suite 100, Houston, TX 77018, or send email to PrivacyOfficer@IdentifyYourself.
com.
Once your order is completed, you may opt out of any further contact with us and any other use of your PII.
To do so, write to Privacy Officer, 949 Wakefield, Suite 100, Houston, Texas 77018; or to PrivacyOfficer@IdentifyYourself.
com ; or call 800.
363.
5985.
We will, however, continue to store the record of your transaction with us.
Back to top How to reach us: Talk to us if you have questions or concerns about our privacy measures.
Write to Privacy Officer, 949 Wakefield, Suite 100, Houston, TX 77018; or to PrivacyOfficer@IdentifyYourself.
com; or call us at 800.
363.
5985.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information when required by law or when we believe disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on our company or its website.
If American Medical ID is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Changes in this Privacy Statement: If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
  If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the changes taking effect.
American Medical ID, 949 Wakefield, Suite 100, Houston, Texas 77018 (800.
363.
5985) Last updated 24 August 2012     American Medical ID Home About American Medical ID Life Stories Online Affiliate Program Partner Affiliate Program My Interactive Health Record MyIHR Log In For Healthcare Professionals Media Newsletter Health News Briefs Our Blog Career Opportunities Medical ID Reimbursement Customer Service Contact Us Frequent Questions About Wearing A Medical ID e-MedTAG Frequent Questions How to Order Medical ID Alert Jewelry Medical ID Order Forms Product Warranty and Return Policy Do Not Resuscitate Info Privacy Policy Recycle My ID Program Site Map  Check Order Status Shopping Medical ID Alert Bracelets Medical ID Alert Necklaces Diabetes and Medical IDs Allergies and Medical IDs Medical IDs for Kids Medical ID Card e-MedTAG Key Chains Gift Cards Free Medical Forms Discounts View Cart Feeling Social Our Memberships American Diabetes Association Epilepsy Foundation Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Network The Jewelers Board of Trade Manufacturing Jewelers and Suppliers of America The Mended Hearts, Inc.
National Association of EMS Educators National Association of School Nurses ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES    THANK YOU FOR VISITING OUR SITE!   
