 Skip navigation NBC Sports Site powered by nbcnews.
com Latest news: NBCNews.
com: Top NBCNews headlines: Former Manson follower recommended for parole <?xml version="1.
0" encoding="utf-16"?> NFL Sections ProFootballTalk Sunday Night Football Video Fantasy Scores Standings Schedules Stats Odds Matchups FootballPros Player News Teams NFL draft NFL Tickets Shop Headlines L.
G.
Patterson / AP Rams hammer Cardinals PFT: Arizona’s offense couldn’t do much of anything Thursday night in St.
Louis against the Rams' ferocious pass rush, and St.
Louis knocked the Cardinals from the ranks of the unbeaten, 17-3.
PFT's Picks: Eagles beware healthier Steelers PFT: Giants' Jason Pierre-Paul isn’t having fun Ryan set for showdown with RG3 QB controversy for undefeated Cardinals? PFT: Rams lose WR Amendola to broken collarbone PFT: Packers' Jennings out for Week Five PFT: Patriots' Hernandez returns to practice Why is Plaxico Burress unemployed? Ad MLB Sections HardballTalk Video Fantasy Scores Standings Wild-card races Schedules Stats Player News Teams Odds Matchups/Injuries Baseball Tickets Shop Headlines Elsa / Getty Images Do Yankees + health = pennant? HBT Extra: Craig Calcaterra says the Yankees are healthy and ready to make a run at the World Series, but the Oakland Athletics "are the best story going right now in the American League playoffs.
" But can the A's survive the playoff grind? Plus, Miguel Cabrera won the Triple Crown, but the Tigers still have holes in their line-up.
HBT Extra: NL playoff preview HBT: Do Cards stand a chance in wild card? HBT: Can Rangers snap out of it? HBT: Rangers GM says Hamilton 'struggling' A feat unlike any other D.
C.
 becomes a baseball town Cabrera on Triple Crown: 'It's unbelievable' HBT: Braves bench McCann for wild-card Ad NHL Sections ProHockeyTalk NHL on NBC Video Fantasy 2012-13 schedule Stats Odds Matchups Player News Teams Channel Finder Live Games NHL Tickets Shop Headlines David Duprey / AP NHL cancels first 2 weeks of schedule PHT: The league announced its canceling the schedule from October 11-24 thanks to the lockout.
In all, that makes 82 games to be canceled by the league.
Replacement players possible? NHL still waiting for new union proposal PHT: 'Bubble player' says he wouldn't be scab PHT: Davidson would be 'perfect' for Columbus CSN: Dark days ahead in NHL labor talks PHT: Should NHL, NHLPA seek mediation? PHT: Lack of preseason costing NHL $100M? PHT: Chara latest star heading to KHL Ad NBA Sections ProBasketballTalk Video Fantasy 2012-13 schedule Stats Standings Player News Teams Odds Matchups/Injuries NBA Tickets Shop Headlines Lucy Nicholson / Reuters Howard, LA headed toward bliss PBT: Lakers' new center fitting in nicely with team, which makes the odds of him re-signing a long-term pretty high.
At least for now.
PBT: Barkley says LeBron 'bigger, stronger, faster' than Jordan PBT: Peyton, Penny Hardaway buy into Grizzlies PBT: Shaq, Howard still feuding Winderman: Preseason games look good now PBT: Knicks, Pistons to play game in London PBT: League announces fines for flopping PBT: Season preview of Miami Heat Nash leading Lakers' move to Princeton offense Ad NCAA FB Sections CollegeFootballTalk Notre Dame Central Video Scores TV schedule Polls Standings Stats Odds Matchups Teams Heisman Hopefuls Hot Seat College FB Tickets Shop Headlines NBC Sports Super Saturday in store SportsTalk: No.
8 West Virginia and No.
11 Texas are set for a shootout, No.
4 LSU and No.
10 Florida are both unbeaten heading into a pivotal SEC showdown and No.
5 Georgia and No.
6 South Carolina also square off in a heavyweight SEC battle.
No.
13 USC spots Utah 14, wins 38-28 CFT's Predictions 101: Go with Georgia, LSU CFT: 3 Missouri players arrested, suspended CFT: TCU suspends starting QB after alleged DWI CFT: Baylor CB out at least 6 weeks with broken arm CFT: QB Murray doesn't need validation CFT: Miami AD resigns, heading to Nebraska CFT: Chemo no match for Sooners’ Woods Ad Golf Sections GolfTalkCentral Scores News Video &amp; Photos PGA Tour Schedule PGA Tour Stats Fantasy Instruction Tee times Courses &amp; Travel Equipment Golf Channel TV Schedule Golf Tickets Shop Headlines What's intriguing about the rest of the 2012 golf season? The year's biggest events are over, but there's a lot of golf left to be played in 2012.
Our writers weigh in on the best of what lies ahead.
Mickelson to attempt $1M chip for charity during MNF Monty: Tiger needs youthful spark at Ryder Cup Ochoa opens rare tournament appearance with 69 Report: Timberlake, Vegas Tour stop part ways Love: 'I stuck with the plan' during Ryder Cup Tip of the week: Shape your swing path properly Ryder Cup report card: U.
S.
team Ad Motors Sections Video Fantasy NASCAR results / schedule NASCAR standings NASCAR stats IndyCar results / schedule IndyCar standings F1 results / standings F1 standings Auto Racing Tickets Shop Headlines Jared C.
Tilton / Getty Images Busch sorry for Toyota rant Kyle Busch apologized Thursday for a profanity-laced rant toward manufacturer Toyota over fuel mileage.
Gordon's sponsor signs 1-year contract extension Bowyer eyes his shot to pounce Drivers differ on how to race at Talladega RFR gives Stenhouse another Sprint Cup start Brad Keselowski drops Nationwide race at Kansas Keselowski emerges late to win at Dover Keselowski could bring Dodge title in final season NASCAR Mexico Series to race at Phoenix in 2013 Ad NCAA BK Sections CollegeBasketballTalk Bracket contest Men's scores Women's scores Video Standings Schedules Stats Rosters Teams Odds Matchups Tickets Shop Headlines Gregory Shamus / Getty Images Top 10 dunkers to watch A list of the select few who will emerge this 2012-2013 season to offer some spectacular performances.
CBT: Kentucky lands touted Harrison twins for 2013 CBT: Harrisons are Calipari's most impressive snag yet CBT: Saint Joseph’s picked to win Atlantic 10 CBT: Creek says he's feeling 'really well' Impact freshmen of the 2012-13 season CBT: St.
Joe's picked to win stacked A-10 CBT: Summitt initially believed retirement forced CBT: Coaches in the hot seat this season Ad Soccer Sections ProSoccerTalk Video MLS scores MLS teams MLS standings MLS statistics Transfers Matchups Soccer Tickets Headlines Jim Mcisaac / Getty Images Red Bulls-Fire a crucial showdown PST: Saturday's game has playoff implications beyond what it means for the teams involved.
We explain.
Udinese comeback stuns Liverpool in Europa League PST: Chivas USA hitting rock bottom DeMerit: Timbers' win what 'we've been waiting for' PST: El Shaawary leads Milan to Champions win Ronaldo's hat trick boosts Madrid in Champs League Hodgson sorry for telling fans Ferdinand was out PST: Wednesday's Champions League roundup PST: Fire's chance of winning East all but gone Ad Olympics Sections OlympicTalk Team USA coverage Athletes, A to Z Medals count Video Photos Universal Sports Headlines Streeter Lecka / Getty Images Lolo causes stir over tweets Hurdler Lolo Jones trash-talked about head injuries to former Rutgers football player Eric LeGrand after he jokingly challenged her to a race on Twitter.
What she didn't know was the defensive tackle was paralyzed in a game.
Jones expected to try pushing bobsled Brazilian keeps Olympic power despite criticism Olympic champs highlight Brazil equestrian event Lochte, Schmitt to compete at short course worlds Johnny Weir returns to competition 2 Jamaica track athletes suspected of doping OlympicTalk: Coed swim relays in the Games? Germany wins 1st mixed-gender swim relay Ad More Sections Other sports Off the Bench Cycling Horse racing Outdoors Tennis Action sports Fight Night Tickets Headlines David Sherman / Getty Images Contributor Lynx douse the Sparks Maya Moore scored 20 points, Rebekkah Brunson had 14 points and 10 rebounds, and the Minnesota Lynx beat the Los Angeles Sparks 94-77 Thursday night in the opener of the Western Conference finals.
Boxing's Jackie Robinson? Orlando Cruz comes out Landis found guilty of defaming UCI presidents New Zealand bars Mike Tyson as tour debacle looms OffTheBench: Lingerie Football League announcers mock ref Murray wins opener in Japan Ivanovic, Jankovic lose at China Open Sharapova backs plan to muzzle grunters Forest golfers make an extreme sport of a gentleman's game Ad Scores Odds TV Listings Video Photos Mobile Radio Tickets Shop RotoWorld Sports Privacy Policy Tweet / This Privacy Policy was last updated on Jan.
30, 2007.
Introduction: This web site which is located at the domain www.
nbcsports.
com (the "Site") is operated by NBC Sports, a division of NBC Universal, Inc.
of NBC Universal, Inc.
("NBCU" or “we” or “our” or “us”).
Your privacy is important to us.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information collected from you, what we do with it, with whom we share it, and how you can correct or change such information.
It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy carefully, especially before providing any personal data through the Site.
This Site is operated in and controlled from the United States of America.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Site, or if you wish to unsubscribe from Site services for which you have previously registered, please contact us at feedback@nbcsports.
com or at the address at the end of this policy.
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF SERVICE FOR THE SITE CAREFULLY.
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE.
1.
Types of Information Collected · Personal Data · Aggregate and Anonymous Data 2.
Use of Cookies and Other Technologies 3.
Our Use of Your Information 4.
Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties · Disclosure to Affiliates · Disclosure to Third Parties · Disclosure to Others 5.
Third Party Advertising and Links to Other Sites 6.
Your Choice 7.
Access and Correction 8.
Children and Privacy 9.
Message Boards, Chat Rooms, Blogs and Other User Forums 10.
Data Security 11.
Exclusions 12.
Other Terms and Conditions 13.
Site Location 14.
Changes to this Privacy Policy 15.
Contacting NBCSports.
com Regarding Your Privacy 1.
Types of Information Collected: Personal Data: Personally Identifiable Information (“Personal Data”) is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual, such as your name, email address, home address, phone number and credit card information.
This Site collects Personal Data when you interact with the Site for example when you subscribe for newsletters; register for membership services such as chat rooms or message boards; participate in chat rooms, blogs or other user forums; respond to polls or surveys; purchase merchandise via the Site; register for sweepstakes, contests and other promotional opportunities; or seek help from our customer service departments.
We also may collect information when you purchase products or services offline, or register for wireless services via your cellphone or other wireless devices (”Other Services”).
Because providing detailed information regarding our privacy policy when you register or provide information in connection with these Other Services often proves impractical, you may instead be provided with a short notice that reminds you to refer to this Privacy Policy and other relevant information from us.
We may also obtain Personal Data from reputable third parties, such as credit agencies.
Aggregate and Anonymous Data: Aggregate and anonymous data is information that does not identify you specifically including data collected automatically through the operation of the Site (“AA Data”).
We may collect site usage data (such as which Site pages you visit and in what sequence) through the use of various technologies.
For example, we collect IP addresses from individuals who visit the Site.
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web.
Web servers, the computers that "serve up" Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address, and when you request a page from a website, its servers log your IP address.
We do not link IP addresses to any Personal Data, so although your session will be logged, you will remain anonymous to us and the Site.
We may also collect password information from you when you log in, as well as computer and connection information such as browser type or version.
During some visits, we may use software tools, such as Javascript, to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, time spent on certain pages, page interaction information, and methods used to browse away from the page.
2.
Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies: Like many sites, we use "cookies" or other similar technologies to collect AA Data.
A cookie is a small data file that writes to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit the Site.
Cookies allow the Site to measure traffic activity on the Site and to improve your user experience, for example by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences, allowing you to visit “member only” portions of the Site without re-registering, and tracking the progress and number of entries in activities that require registration or entry, such as sweepstakes.
Similarly, if you have asked us to send you information about upcoming products and promotions, using cookies we collect information about which Site pages you have visited and in what order (“Clickstream Data”) that may allow us to narrow or limit the materials provided to you based on your prior online activities or preferences.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies.
If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent, but it is possible that some parts of the Site will not function properly if you do so.
In addition, we may use a service that collects data remotely by using so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (collectively, “Pixel Tags”) embedded in the Site’s content.
A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel (1x1), that is ordinarily not visible to Site visitors and may be associated with cookies on the visitors’ hard drives.
This information is AA data.
3.
Our Use of Your Data: Personal Data: We will use your Personal Data for the purposes for which it was provided.
For example, if you provide Personal Data to register for a newsletter or a text messaging service, to enter a contest or a sweepstake, or to purchase goods or services, we will use it to register you for or provide you with those goods or services.
We may also use your Personal Data to provide you with information about features, services and other offerings that may be of interest to you.
We also may send information or offers to selected groups of Site users on behalf of other businesses.
When we do this, we do not give those businesses your name or address.
Under certain circumstances (for example if you win a contest) we may post your Personal Data on the Site.
We will notify you of this possibility when you provide the Personal Data and, if possible, when the Personal Data is posted.
Cookies and similar tools may be used to relate your use of the Site and AA Data to Personal Data obtained from you.
If any AA Data is linked with Personal Data, the linked AA Data will then be treated as Personal Data.
AA Data: We may also use Personal Data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis.
In order to better understand and serve the users of the Site and Other Services, NBCSports.
com often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on Personal Data we gather.
Although this aggregated data may be based in part on Personal Data, it does not identify you personally.
NBCSports.
com may share this type of AA Data with a variety of third parties, including its affiliates, agents, and current and prospective business partners.
We may use AA Data collected from the Site for site administration, advertising and promotional purposes, and we may share such information with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities for such purposes.
For example, IP addresses are used for the purposes of system administration and to provide AA Data to advertisers about the volume of use on the Site, and Clickstream Data and demographic AA Data may be shared with our advertisers and business partners.
We may also enter into agreements with outside companies that possess technology that allows the Site to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the Site.
This data (including Clickstream Data about your activities on our Site) may be shared with these companies for this purpose.
4.
Disclosure of Personal Data: Disclosure to Affiliates: We reserve the right to share Personal Data with our affiliates.
If you do not want us to share your Personal Data with our affiliated companies for their marketing purposes, you may opt-out of such sharing by contacting us at feedback@nbcsports.
com (see “Your Choices” below).
Disclosure to Third Parties: NBCSports.
com, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf such as hosting specific portions of the Site, maintaining databases, administering contests, providing wireless services, mailing information and processing payments.
When we employ a third party to perform these functions, that third party will only be provided with the particular Personal Data it needs to perform its function, and is required to protect the Personal Data.
For third-party sponsored sweepstakes, contests or promotions, we may request Personal Data from you that may be shared with the sponsor upon request.
Disclosure to Others: In addition, we may disclose Personal Data without providing you with a choice under the following limited circumstances to: (1) protect the legal rights, privacy or safety of NBCSports.
com, or its subsidiaries, affiliates or its or their employees, agents and contractors; (2) protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites or other properties; (3) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes; (4) respond to inquiries or requests from public authorities; (5) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; (6) enforce our Terms of Service; or (7) comply with the law or legal process.
If NBCSports.
com sells all or part of this Site or makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, we may, in our sole discretion, transfer, sell or assign your Personal Data to a third party as part of or in connection with that transaction.
Upon such transfer, the Privacy Policy of the acquiring entity may govern the further use of your Personal Data.
5.
Third-Party Advertising and Links to Other Sites: This Site may include third-party advertising.
These third parties’ websites and advertisers, or the Internet advertising companies that work on their behalf, may use technology to send (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser.
They automatically receive your IP address when this happens.
They may also use cookies, Javascript, Pixel Tags and other technologies to deliver advertisements, collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements, and to collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other Personal Data).
For more information about these specialized cookies and other technologies, and how to "opt out" of information collection by these companies, we suggest you visit http://doubleclick.
net/privacy_policy or http://networkadvertising.
org/optout_nonppii.
asp.
Please note that this Site contains links to other sites that will not follow the same Privacy Policy as our Site.
For instance, clicking on an advertisement or on links or other elements on the Site may take you to an entirely different site.
Links to other sites may use our Site logo or style as a result of a co-branding agreement.
These sites may send their own cookies to you and may collect data and make use of that data in ways that this Site would not.
Once you've left this Site, this Privacy Policy will no longer apply to Personal Data or any other data collected from or provided by you.
You should check the applicable privacy policy to determine how that site will handle such data.
6.
Your Choices: You can use the Site and certain Other Services without providing any Personal Data, but if you decline to provide Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain services or features.
If you have previously provided Personal Data to the Site and have subscribed to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from the Site and you do not want to receive such emails, please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any message, visiting the Contact Us section of the Site or contacting us at: feedback@nbcsports.
com.
You may opt-out of receiving offers from us by adjusting your Site preferences at our Contact Us link on the home page.
If you ask that we stop using your Personal Data, we will honor that request.
However we will retain records of your Personal Data as needed in order to comply with applicable federal, state, or local law.
7.
Access and Correction: If you would like to review, correct or change the Personal Data that you have previously provided us, please go to Contact Us section of the Site and follow the appropriate instructions or contact us at feedback@nbcsports.
com.
We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession.
8.
Children and Privacy: We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children.
At various places on the Site or Other Services, we may ask users for their age.
By using the Site or Other Services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age.
Children under the age of 13 years of age are expressly prohibited from submitting or posting any Personal Data on the Site or Other Services.
9.
Message Boards, Chat Rooms, Blogs and Other User Forums: Please remember that information posted to message boards, chat rooms, blogs and other user forums becomes public information.
Use caution when posting.
Individuals under the age of 18 should be especially careful not to provide any personally identifiable information when participating in any area of the Site where postings might become public.
Please see our Terms of Service for the standards of behavior that must be followed when using these portions of the Site or Other Services.
10.
Data Security Disclaimer: NBCSports.
com takes reasonable security precautions to secure the Personal Data that you choose to provide against the loss, misuse, alteration or unauthorized access of such information.
Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure.
It may be possible for third parties not under the control of NBCSports.
com to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully.
While we strive to protect your Personal Data, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Data you transmit to us.
Any such transmission is done at your own risk.
If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us of the problem by contacting us at feedback@nbcsports.
com.
11.
Exclusions: This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to NBCSports.
com on or through this Site or Other Services.
Please see our Terms of Service for our policies regarding such Unsolicited Information.
All such Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential, and NBCSports.
com shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
12.
Other Terms and Conditions: Your access to and use of this Site or Other Services is subject to the Terms of Service.
13.
Applicable Law: We control and operate this Site from the United States.
The Site is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States.
Please note that we do not represent or warrant that the Site is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction.
Those who choose to access the Site do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations.
14.
Changes to this Privacy Policy: From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives, changes in the law or technology, or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use.
If we make revisions to the way we collect or use Personal Data, we may provide notice of those changes by either: (1) announcing the change on the home page of the Site or (2) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances, including without limitation, posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on the Site.
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page.
Any changes to this policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet, accessible through the Site.
By continuing to use the Site following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes.
If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or in part, please do not continue using this Site.
15.
Contacting NBCSports.
com Regarding Your Privacy: If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, Personal Data gathered by this Site or Other Services, or about the operation of this Site or Other Services, or if you wish to unsubscribe from the Site or Other Services, please contact us at feedback@nbcsports.
com, or at the address listed below.
NBCSports.
com National Broadcasting Company, Inc.
30 Rockefeller Plaza New York, NY Discuss Story On Newsvine Email Instant Message Print Tweet Also on NBCSports.
com   PFT: What matters after Week 4? We have answers NFL: Who's ready for that Falcons-Texans Super Bowl? PBT: Essential reading as NBA season nears Follow us on Twitter: @NBCSports  |  And Facebook ‘ NBC Sports © 2012 NBC Universal Privacy | Legal | Advertise | Help Independent Programming Report AdChoices Sports NFL College football MLB NBA NHL College basketball NASCAR/Motors Golf Tennis Soccer Other Sports Quick links Scores RSS Feeds Tickets TV Listings Fantasy Games Universal Sports NBC Sports Feedback Go Mobile Shop NBC TV Listings Day
Time
Event
Location
Talent
Saturday, Oct.
6
1:30 - 3:30 p.
m.
Red Bull Signature Series: Joy Ride
Virgin, Utah
Todd Harris, Jamie Bestwick, Kenan Harkin 3:30 - 6 p.
m.
MLS: Chicago at New York
New York
Steve Cangialosi, Brian Dunseth, Jim Kozimor 7:30 - 11 p.
m.
Miami at Notre Dame (Soldier Field)
Chicago
Tom Hammond, Mike Mayock, Alex Flanagan
Sunday, Oct.
7
2 - 3:30 p.
m.
Professional Bull Riding
Philadelphia
Craig Hummer, Ty Murray, Marty Snider 3:30 - 4:30
UCI Road Cycling World Championships
Limburg, Netherlands
Steve Schlanger, Todd Gogulski, Liam McHugh 4:30 - 6 p.
m.
America's Cup
San Francisco, Calif.
Todd Harris, Gary Kobson 7 - 8:20 p.
m.
Football Night in America
New York
Bob Costas, Dan Patrick, Tony Dungy, Rodney Harrison, Peter King, Alex Flanagan, Mike Florio, Hines Ward 8:20 - Conclusion
Sunday Night Football: Chargers at Saints
New Orleans
Al Michaels, Cris Collinsworth, Michele Tafoya Note: All times ET 
