 The World's Largest Site For Shoes SAVINGS &amp; UPDATES | HELP | ESPAÑOL | VIEW CART (0 items) | $ off on your next purchase points to your next reward Learn More Home Brands Women Men Kids Designer Sale Why Shop At Shoebuy? FREE SHIPPING     FREE RETURN SHIPPING     NO SALES TAX     100% PRICE GUARANTEE     see details &gt;&gt; Advanced Search | Search By Brand | Search By Size | Wide Shoes | Narrow Shoes | Sale Shoes Home &gt; Customer Service &gt; Privacy Browse Shoes Women's Shoes Men's Shoes Teens' Shoes Girls' Shoes Boys' Shoes Infants/Toddlers Shoes Wide Shoes | Narrow Shoes | New Styles | Sale Shoes | All Shoes Categories Browse More Categories Shop with confidence.
Shoebuy is brought to you by the same company that brings you these great brands.
Privacy Shoebuy.
com, Inc.
is part of the IAC family of businesses, which has grown in recent years to include over 60 brands including, in addition to Shoebuy, Ask.
com, Match.
com, Citysearch, Vimeo, ServiceMagic, Gifts.
com, Pronto and many others.
For a list of all of IAC's businesses, please visit www.
iac.
com.
In order to help customers clearly understand our data collection and use practices, IAC has decided to have its businesses follow a standard set of privacy practices and use a standard format to describe their privacy practices.
The following Consumer Privacy statement applies to all IAC businesses.
In addition, Shoebuy has revised its Privacy Policy, effective August 22, 2008, consistent with the IAC privacy commitment and standard privacy policy format.
Refer to our FAQs for details about the changes.
Please review both the Consumer Privacy statement and this site's complete Privacy Policy.
Consumer Privacy at Shoebuy.
com, Inc.
, an IAC Company Shoebuy is part of the IAC family of businesses.
IAC is an interactive conglomerate with more than 60 brands, including Ask.
com, Citysearch, Vimeo, Gifts.
com, Match.
com, ServiceMagic, and many others.
For a list of all of IAC's businesses, please visit www.
iac.
com.
At IAC, we respect the privacy of our users and the importance of the information they entrust to us.
We summarize below the basic information policies and practices in place on all IAC websites.
To read the entire Privacy Policy of Shoebuy, please click here.
Information we may collect [Read more] We may collect information that can identify you ("personal information"), such as your name and email address, (i) when you (or other users) provide it to us when using our website or in some other manner, or (ii) from other IAC businesses, from our business partners, and from other third parties.
We may combine the personal information that we receive from different sources.
We also may collect other types of information in the following ways when you visit our website: Our server logs automatically collect information, such as your IP address, your browser type and language, and the date and time of your visit, which helps us track users' movements around our site and understand trends.
We may assign your computer one or more cookies which may collect information to facilitate access to our website and to personalize your online experience.
We may use standard Internet tools, such as web beacons, which collect information that tracks your use of our website and enables us to customize our services and advertisements.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Should we ever do so, we will comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.
Information others may collect [Read more] We may allow third-party advertising companies or ad networks to display advertisements on our websites.
We do not provide any personal information to these companies These companies may use tracking tools, such as cookies, to collect information about computers used to view or interact with their advertisements.
Some of these companies may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers consumers the ability to opt out of ad targeting by all member companies.
If you post information about yourself or others, or communicate with others using our website, please note that we cannot control who reads your postings or what they do with the information you provide.
We encourage you to use caution in posting personal information.
How we may use information we collect [Read more] We may use information to: Fulfill your requests for products and services; Offer products and services that may be of interest to you; Customize the advertising and content that you see on our website; Facilitate use of our website; Manage your account and your preferences; Analyze use of and improve our website, products and services; Identify and protect against fraudulent transactions and other misuses of our website; and Enforce our Terms of Use.
With whom we may share information we collect [Read more] We will not share your personal information with others except as indicated below, or except when we inform you in advance and give you the opportunity to opt out.
We may share personal information with: Service providers, such as credit-card payment processors, performing services on our behalf; Other IAC businesses; Other businesses with which we partner or which we carefully select to offer you products, services, and promotions through our website or offline; and Other third parties in limited circumstances, such as complying with legal requirements, preventing fraud, and protecting the safety of our users.
We may share aggregated, non-personal information in any of the above situations and also with advertisers and others.
Your choices [Read more] You may choose: Not to provide personal information, although that may result in your inability to obtain certain services or use certain features of our website; To stop receiving promotional emails or newsletters from us by sending an email to the contact address at the bottom of this policy or by clicking here; To delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings, although if you do so, some of the features or services of our website may not function properly; To review and update your personal information by contacting us at the email address below or, if you have an online account on our website, by logging into that account; Your California Privacy Rights.
If you are a California resident, you may request that Shoebuy not share your personal information with IAC companies or other third parties for direct marketing purposes.
Click here to learn how.
Security [Read more] We take appropriate physical, electronic, and other security measures to help safeguard personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure.
Changes to our Privacy Policy We may occasionally update our Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services.
If we make material changes in the way we collect, use, or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an email to the email address you most recently provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website.
How to contact us If you have any questions about this summary, our Privacy Policy, or our information practices, please contact us by email or postal mail below: Privacy Officer Shoebuy.
com, Inc.
101 Arch Street, 16th Floor Boston, MA 02110 privacy@shoebuy.
com Back to Top | Back to Homepage Get free updates on new products &amp; special offers.
Enter your email address here.
.
.
Order by Phone: 1-888-200-8414 | 100% Safe Shopping Guaranteed Benefits &amp; Guarantees | Customer Service | Savings &amp; Updates | Gift Ideas Womens Shoes | Mens Shoes | Kids Shoes | Sale Shoes | Boots | Sandals | New Styles | Categories | Site Guide Gift Certificates | About Shoebuy | Press | Affiliates | Security | Privacy | Terms | Company/Group Sales | Employment Partner Sites: Expedia | Gifts | Hotels | Hotwire | Online Shopping | Pronto | Ticketmaster © 1999-2012 Shoebuy.
com, Inc.
a subsidiary of IAC (Nasdaq: IACI).
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy | Terms The World's Largest Site For Shoes 
