 Skip to Main Content Area Log in using OpenID: What is OpenID? Username: * Password: * Cancel OpenID login Connect Sign in using Facebook Create new account Request new password Home Collaboration Eco Property News Special Offers Privacy Policy Introduction The following privacy policy will govern the way in which we process any personal information provided to us and the way in which the CarbonUnity website is used.
We will notify you if the way in which we process your information is to change at any time.
  Who may process data Your personal information (name and email address) may be processed by us for our own purpose.
The CarbonUnity website includes a link to our web service provider and may collect personal data about visitors to our site (authorisation for further processing will not be authorised by us).
These entities authorised to process your information as mentioned above will do so in accordance with this privacy policy &amp; terms of use.
If you are located outside the United Kingdom, your data will continue to be handled in accordance with this data protection policy.
By ticking the checkbox provided, indicates your acceptance of this privacy policy &amp; terms of use.
  Purpose of processing We will use your personal information for only our own purposes as follows: 1) informing you of our launch; 2) communicating any relevant correspondence; 3) communicating marketing and public relations information which we think you may find of interest; and 4) undertaking product and/or customer research or development for our own business purposes.
  Disclosure of information In the unlikely event that a liquidator, administrator or receiver is appointed over us or all or any part of our assets that insolvency practitioner may transfer your information to a third party purchaser of the business provided, that purchaser undertakes to use your information for the same purposes as set out in this policy.
We undertake not to provide your personal information to third parties in accordance with this policy.
Your information will not be disclosed to government and/or local authorities or other government institutions as required by law or other binding regulations.
  Cookies We may send a small file to your computer when you visit our website.
This will enable us to identify your computer to ensure that we do not duplicate your details on our database should you submit you details more than once accidentally.
We may use cookies to collect and store your data.
We link information stored by cookies with your details you supply to us.
You can set your computer browser to reject cookies but this may prevent the duplication check we do on our database.
  Security measures We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from unauthorised access, improper use and disclosure, unauthorised destruction and/or accidental loss.
  Access to information You may ask us whether we are storing personal information about you by emailing us.
Upon payment of a fee of GBP10 we will provide you via email with a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Proof of your identity will be required before providing any information and we reserve the right to refuse to provide information requested if identity is not established.
  Data Protection Act (UK) CarbonUnity is exempt from the Data Protection Act (UK) as our intended use of your details is in connection with only our own business activity, and not of that of any other third parties' activities.
  Consent and enquiries In order to access the content on CarbonUnity, you must accept this privacy policy.
If you do not accept any of these policies, kindly leave this website now.
If you have any enquiry or concern about our privacy policy, or the way in which we contact you, or are handling personal information, please contact CarbonUnity.
Footer menu About us Contact us Donate Partners Privacy Policy T&amp;Cs © 2011 CarbonUnity Limited.
All rights reserved 
