 DrJays.
com My Account |Login Customer Service International Wish List Gift Cards Shopping Bag (0) $0.
00 USD - US Dollars AUD - Australia Dollars CAD - Canada Dollars CHF - Switzerland Francs CZK - Czech Korunas DKK - Denmark Kroner EUR - EU Euros GBP - UK Pounds HKD - Hong Kong Dollars HUF - Hungary Forints INR - India Rupees JPY - Japan Yen KRW - South Korea Won LTL - Lithuania Litas LVL - Latvia Lats NOK - Norway Kroner NZD - New Zealand Dollars PLN - Poland Zlotys SEK - Sweden Kronor SGD - Singapore Dollars Shop Men Departments Sneakers Hoodies Jackets T-Shirts Hats Jeans All Departments Top 5 Brands Nike Adidas LRG New Era COOGI All Brands A-Z Specialty Shops Big &amp; Tall Skate Shop Body Care Cologne What's New Sale Outlet (over 60% off!) Shop Women Departments Dresses Tops Boots Sneakers Jackets Jeans Handbags All Departments Top 5 Brands Nike Apple Bottoms COOGI Baby Phat Adidas All Brands A-Z Specialty Shops Plus Size Home &amp; Health Beauty Fragrances What's New Sale Outlet (over 60% off!) Shop Boys Departments Footwear Accessories All Departments All Brands Shop Boys by Size Sizes 8-20 - Big Kids Sizes 4-7x - Kids Sizes 2T-4T - Toddler Infant &amp; Newborn Specialty Shops What's New Sale Outlet (over 60% off!) Shop Girls Departments Footwear Accessories All Departments All Brands Shop Girls by Size Sizes 7-16 - Big Kids Sizes 4-6x - Kids Sizes 2T-4T - Toddler Infant &amp; Newborn Specialty Shops What's New Sale Outlet (over 60% off!) Shop Sale Customer Service International Orders Contact Us Payment Options &amp; Tax Gift Cards FAQ Pricing Privacy Policy Returns Secure Shopping Shipping Size Charts Men Women Boys Girls Walk-in Stores Affiliate Program Trademarks Wholesale Careers Newsletter Promotional Exclusions Privacy Policy It is important for you to understand that we use third party contractors to help us operate our business, such as operating the server for the Site, performing delivery and shipping services, and sending postal mail and email, and may share your information with these contractors for those limited purposes.
We generally require that contractors do not disclose personally identifiable information or use it other than as necessary to perform services for us.
Because we care about your privacy, we will not give your personally identifiable information to third parties, such as marketers or retailers, for them to use to contact you about offers or promotions of their own (other than, of course, in connection with the sale of our business), unless you allow us to.
If you would like us to share your personally identifiable information with third parties so that you may receive these special offers and promotions, indicate that we may do so at the point where you give us such personally identifiable information.
Please note that changes to your preferences may not be effective immediately.
In the event that all of our business assets are transferred to or acquired by another company, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
We will divulge your personal information to law enforcement officials if required to do so by law.
How We Collect Information We will collect personally identifiable information from you when you actively give us the information.
Examples of this may include when you order products, register for gifts, fill out online site registration forms, enter contests or sweepstakes, request that we send you information, newsletters or catalogs, participate in community features, or respond to our surveys or other requests for visitor responses.
Like many other commercial Web sites, we collect non-personally identifiable information from you by "passive" means, in other words by tracking your use of the Site, often through the use of cookies.
That information includes, among other things, the type of computer operating system and net browser that are being used and the domain name of your Internet service provider, as well as some of the information described below.
We use this information for internal purposes and to help us interact with visitors to the Site.
We may also share this information in the aggregate form with third parties to illustrate trends and patterns.
Cookies A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer's hard drive that may contain information (such as a unique user ID) that a Web site may use to track certain things.
We use cookies in order to improve your shopping experience.
The cookie helps us track the pages of the Site that you visit, tells us whether you have been to the Site before and tells us which Web site you visited immediately before visiting the Site, but does not tell us about your use of any other Web sites.
Sometimes advertisers and other third parties on the Site may also use cookies.
You can keep us from using cookies by turning them off in your browser.
However, if you turn off your cookies then you will not be enabled to make purchases from the Site or to access your account information.
Special Policies for Children Identifying Themselves as Under Age 13 This Site is not intended for use by children.
We will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information submitted by visitors to the Site who are under the age of 13.
Links The Site contains links to other sites, including, among others, those of advertisers, other third parties and companies whose trademarks may appear on the Site.
Sometimes promotions, contests or sweepstakes advertised on the Site might be sponsored by third parties.
The other sites and third parties maintain their own privacy policies that may be different from ours.
Visitors using such links or pursuing or entering such contests or sweepstakes should consult the privacy notices associated with those links, promotions, contests or sweepstakes.
We do not control this collection of information and are not responsible or liable for the privacy policies maintained or actions taken by third parties with regard to your information.
Our Privacy Policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond our control.
Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online-for example, via message boards or chat rooms-that information can be collected, intercepted and used by people you do not know.
You should use such community functions at your own risk.
Security Protecting your order information is important to us.
We use the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online order information.
SSL encryption is a method by which information is encrypted while being transmitted over the Internet.
To check the security of your connection, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server.
If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser), then SSL is active.
You can also double-check by looking at the URL line of your browser.
When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the Site address should change from "http" to "https.
" Some versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers.
In that case, you won't be able to connect to the server and therefore won't be able to place an order through an insecure connection.
While no method is completely impenetrable, our SSL is verified by Thawte who is the industry security leader.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we are committed to protecting your personally identifiable information, we along with our third party provider(s) cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
Your Acceptance of These Terms By using the Site, you indicate your agreement with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, then do not use the Site.
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Your continued use of the Site following any changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such changes.
Please check this page regularly for any changes.
Contact Us Please contact us with any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy: Phone Number: 1-888-4-DRJAYS Men's Clothing Men's Sneakers, Boots &amp; Shoes Men's T Shirts Men's Jeans Men's Snapbacks &amp; Fitted Hats Men's Shorts Men's Button-Down Shirts Men's Hoodies Men's Jackets Men's Outerwear Men's Polos Men's Shops Men's Big &amp; Tall Clothing Men's Hip Hop Clothing Skate Shop Clothing Men's Outlet Clothing Men's Brands Men's Basic Essentials Clothing Nike Men's Clothing &amp; Shoes LRG Men's Clothing &amp; Hoodies Coogi Jeans &amp; Clothing Men's Buyers Picks Clothes New Era Hats, Caps &amp; Snapbacks Rocawear Clothes &amp; Jeans Adidas Men's Clothing &amp; Shoes Southpole Men's Clothing &amp; Jeans Enyce Men's Clothing &amp; Shirts The North Face Men's Clothing &amp; Jackets Akademiks Men's Clothes &amp; Jeans Timberland Men's Boots &amp; Shoes Mitchell &amp; Ness Men's Clothing Women's Clothing Women's Dresses Women's Jeans Women's Sneakers Women's Outerwear Women's Boots Women's T Shirts Women's Bags Women's Jumpsuits Women's High Heels Women's Hoodies Women's Shops Women's Plus Size Clothing Women's Hip Hop Clothing Women's Outlet Clothing Women's Brands Apple Bottoms Women's Clothing &amp; Jeans Women's Fashion Lab Clothes Baby Phat Women's Clothing &amp; Shoes Coogi Women's Clothing &amp; Purses Rocawear Women's Clothes &amp; Jeans Southpole Women's Clothing &amp; Jeans Nike Women's Clothing &amp; Shoes Ecko Red Women's Clothing &amp; Tops Women's Basic Essentials Clothing The North Face Women's Clothing &amp; Fleece Kids Clothing Kids Clothing for Boys Kids Clothing for Girls Baby Clothing for Boys Baby Clothing for Girls Information My Account Customer Service Contact Us International Orders Dr.
Jays Stores Careers at DrJays.
com Affiliate Program DrJays.
com Live Blog Shop DJPremium Sale Men's Clothing on Sale Women's Clothing on Sale Boys Clothing on Sale Girls Clothing on Sale Products by Name Category Price Brand Categories by Brand Name Popularity Choice Picks Topsellers by Name Popularity Brand Price Popular Categories Mens Leather Jackets Mens Skinny Jeans Mens Cargo Pants Mens Sneakers Online Mens Button Down Shirt Mens Sweater Vest Toddler Outerwear Women Denim Jeans   Women Sandals Women Tee Shirts Women Casual Clothes Mens Outdoor Footwear Women Jean Pants Baseball Caps Cable Knit Leggings Women Fashion Clothing Subscribe to our newsletter 
