 <p> </p>
<strong>Terms of Use</strong>
<strong>Introduction.
Consent to Terms</strong>
<br> Please read these Terms of Use before using AgWeb.com or any features of this site, including, but not limited to, the FarmJournal.com, TopProducer.com, BeefToday.com, DairyToday.com MyMachinery.com, Content Feeds, other syndicated distribution of content, Podcasts, API Content, widgets, the AGWEB Community and other social networking features (collectively, the "AGWEB Web Sites" or the "Service").
By using the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, please exit the Service and do not use the Service or any of its features.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify, add or delete portions of these terms at any time by posting updated Terms of Use and/or an updated Privacy Policy on the AGWEB Web Sites.
Please check these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy frequently for updates.
Any modifications, additions or deletions to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy shall be effective immediately upon posting.
Your continued use of the Service following the posting of updated Terms of Use or an updated Privacy Policy will mean that you agree to those changes.
Please note that these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy are separate and distinct from the terms of use and privacy policy governing the web sites that may link to or from the AGWEB Web Sites.
<strong>Copyrights</strong>
<br> The contents of the AGWEB Web Sites are protected by U.S.
and international copyright laws.
The contents of the AGWEB Web Sites, including Podcasts, Content Feeds, API Content and other features of the AGWEB Web Sites, are owned by or licensed to AGWEB. In the case of User Materials (as defined in the "User Materials" section below), the contents are licensed to AGWEB by the user.
You may not reproduce, distribute, republish, upload, transmit, display, prepare derivative works, publicly perform, sell, transfer, assign, license or use for commercial purposes any copyrighted material on the AGWEB Web Sites without the prior written consent of AGWEB, except as provided below.
All rights not expressly granted in these Terms of Use are reserved to AGWEB.
You may copy, download one copy on a single computer, and print a limited amount of content, for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that (a) you include without modification all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the content, (b) you do not modify the content, (c) you do not use the content in a manner that suggests AGWEB promotes or endorses your, or any third party's, causes, ideas, web sites, products or services, and (d) you do not use the content in any way that is unlawful or harmful to any other person or entity.
In addition, you may use widgets and tools on the AGWEB Web Sites that allow selected User Materials to appear on your personal, noncommercial web site, weblog or other application, subject to the conditions in the preceding sentence.
No quotes from any material on the AGWEB Web Sites may be used in any media without attribution to AGWEB.
You may use the Content Feeds, API Content, Podcasts and other features of the AGWEB Web Sites only as expressly permitted in the relevant paragraphs below in these Terms of Use.
Any other use of AGWEB content requires prior written permission from AGWEB.
<strong>Trademarks</strong>
<br> AGWEB logos and other Content Provider names and logos, are service marks of Farm Journal, Inc. All rights are reserved by the respective owners.
You may not use any AGWEB-provided service marks, logos or graphics, without AGWEB's prior written consent, except that you shall have the right, and obligation, to use any AGWEB or other Content Provider service mark or logo included in, or required to be used in connection with, API Content, Content Feeds, AGWEB's Media Player, or other functionalities of the AGWEB Web Sites, subject to the requirements set forth in these Terms of Use for the use of the API Content, Content Feeds or other functionalities of the AGWEB Web Sites.
<strong>User Materials</strong>
<br> Through the AGWEB Community portion of the Service, through the Contact Us page, and through other features of the AGWEB Websites, users may post, upload, transmit and/or otherwise submit ("Submit") comments, messages, other text, photos, images, story ideas, essays, and other content and materials, and make recommendations, on or through the AGWEB Web Sites ("User Materials").
You acknowledge that User Materials may be routed through our servers, the servers of one or more third parties on our behalf, and the Internet, and may be viewed by AGWEB staff and on the Internet by the general public.
You acknowledge that the AGWEB Web Sites, the AGWEB Community, and other features of the AGWEB Web Sites, are for public and not private communications.
We reserve the right to screen, refuse to post, remove or edit User Materials at any time and for any or no reason in our absolute and sole discretion without prior notice, although we have no duty to do so.
If we elect to screen User Materials, there may be a delay in the posting of such content to allow for a review process.
If we have questions about your User Materials, we have the right, but not the duty, to contact you for further information, including, for example, to verify that you own the copyright or otherwise have the rights to post the User Materials.
<strong>You retain the copyright and other ownership rights in any User Materials that you submit on or through the AGWEB Web Sites.</strong> However, by submitting User Materials on or through the AGWEB Web Sites, you hereby grant AGWEB, and other Content Providers, and their respective licensees a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable license to use, copy, sublicense, modify, transmit, publicly perform, display, create derivative works of, host, index, cache, tag, encode, and/or adapt your User Materials in any and all media formats or channels, whether now known or hereafter devised, including, but not limited to, the AGWEB Web Sites, AGWEB sub-web sites, third party licensee web sites, over the air (on radio or television), and on mobile platforms, without payment and without further consent or notice to you.
You further grant AGWEB, its sub-web sites, and their licensees the right to contact you in connection with your User Materials and to use your name, city and state and other information that you have provided in connection with the User Materials.
In addition, you grant each user of the AGWEB Web Sites and other Content Providers Web Sites, a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to access your User Materials on or through the AGWEB Web Sites and other Content Providers Web Sites to use your User Materials pursuant to these Terms of Use and the terms of use of member station web sites, and as permitted by the functionality of the AGWEB Web Sites and sub-web sites (such as through widgets and API Content distribution).
For any User Materials you Submit on or through the AGWEB Web Sites, you agree to abide by the Rules of Use for the Service set forth below, the Social Networking Discussion Rules (for User Materials Submitted through the AGWEB Community or in response to an AGWEB Blog), and these Terms of Use.
You further agree to the representations and warranties, and indemnification obligations, set forth in the "Representations.
Indemnity" section below.
<strong>Framing</strong>
<br> AGWEB does not allow framing of the AGWEB Web Sites.
<strong>Links to AGWEB Web Sites</strong>
<br> AGWEB encourages and permits links to content on AGWEB Web Sites.
However, AGWEB is an organization committed to the highest journalistic ethics and standards and to independent journalism, both in fact and appearance.
Therefore, the linking should not (a) suggest that AGWEB promotes or endorses any third party's causes, ideas, web sites, products or services, or (b) use AGWEB content for inappropriate commercial purposes or in any way that is unlawful or harmful to any other person or entity.
We reserve the right to withdraw permission for any link.
<strong>Links to Third Party Sites</strong>
<br> AGWEB has provided links to Internet sites maintained by third parties, over which AGWEB has no control.
AGWEB does not endorse the content, operators, products or services of such sites, and AGWEB is not responsible or liable for the content, operators, availability, accuracy, quality, advertising, products, services or other materials on or available from such sites.
AGWEB shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available on or through such sites.
<strong>Use of Third Party Services</strong>
<br> In some cases, AGWEB provides features on AGWEB Web Sites through tools provided by a third party over which AGWEB has no control, influence, or oversight.
You should only use these third party tools if you agree to be bound by their respective terms of use.
Your use of these sharing features indicates your acceptance of the Third Party End User Agreements.
<strong>Content Feeds</strong>
<br> AGWEB's provides Really Simple Syndication (RSS) Feeds and provides or may provide other content feeds on or through the Service, consisting of a selection of headlines, summaries or text blurbs, and links to full stories, which are delivered to users using Really Simple Syndication technology, other XML (extensible Markup Language) technology, or other syndication technology (individually, a "Content Feed" and collectively, the "Content Feeds").
The Content Feeds are available for personal, noncommercial use or for noncommercial use on the web site, weblog or similar application.
(a) the links redirect the user to the AGWEB Web Sites when the user clicks on them, (b) you do not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the links and the applicable AGWEB Web Sites page, (c) the use or display does not suggest that AGWEB promotes or endorses any third party causes, ideas, web sites, products or services, (d) the fundamental meaning of the content contained in the Content Feeds, including the headlines and summaries, is not changed or distorted, and (e) you do not modify the stories or other content that are linked to by the Content Feeds.
If you display an entire Content Feed on your personal or  Corporation web site, weblog or similar application, (a) you may not redistribute the Content Feed, and (b) you must provide attribution to AGWEB or the relevant Content Feed provider adjacent to the Content Feed, by including "AGWEB News Headlines" or "AGWEB" or the name of the relevant Content Feed provider in text adjacent to the Content Feed.
Any other use of AGWEB's trademarks or service marks, the names or service marks of any Content Feed provider, or of the Content Feeds requires the prior written permission of AGWEB.
For use of the stories or other content that are linked to by the Content Feeds, please see the Copyrights section of these Terms of Use.
AGWEB reserves the right to discontinue providing Content Feeds and to require that you cease accessing or using the Content Feeds, or any content contained in the Content Feeds at any time for any reason.
<strong>API Content</strong>
<br> AGWEB enables users to access certain content, including audio, text, images and other content on the AGWEB Web Sites and other Content Provider web sites through an application programming interface (API).
Content accessed through the API ("API Content") is available to registered users only for personal, non-commercial use, or for noncommercial online use.
If you have registered with AGWEB, you may use the API Content for personal, non-commercial use, provided that (a) your use is for non-promotional, internet-based purposes only, including desktop gadgets, blog posts and widgets, but excluding e-newsletters.
(b) all links to API Content redirect the user to the AGWEB or AGWEB sub-web sites or other Content Provider web sites when the user clicks on them.
All audio must be streamed from the originating servers (through direct links that redirect the user to the AGWEB or AGWEB sub-web sites or other Content Provider Web Sites).
(c) the date of all API Content is displayed with that content.
(d) your use or display of API Content must not suggest that AGWEB, its member stations or any Content Provider promotes or endorses you or any third party or the causes, ideas, web sites, products or services of you or any third party.
(e) you shall not modify any API content, headlines, links or metadata included in the API Content.
(f) you shall not use the API Content in any way that changes or distorts the fundamental meaning of the content.
(g) you may use only a limited amount of content from the API.
you may not re-create the AGWEB Web Sites, AGWEB Member Web Sites, or any Content Provider Websites or any portion thereof.
(h) you may not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the links and the applicable API Content source's web page..
and (i) you must provide attribution for the content source (AGWEB, AGWEB member station, or other Content Provider), by including "AGWEB" or the name of the relevant API Content source in text in connection with the API Content, and provide a link back to the API Content source's web site.
Any other use of AGWEB's trademarks or service marks, the names or service marks of any API Content source, or of the API Content requires the prior written permission of AGWEB.
AGWEB reserves the right to include or apply sponsorship and / or advertising to any API Content and to track usage of the API Content.
AGWEB reserves the right to discontinue providing API Content and to require that you cease accessing or using the API Content, or any content contained in the API Content, at any time for any reason.
<strong>Podcasts</strong>
<br> AGWEB provides podcasts (the "Podcasts") consisting of selected audio content from AGWEB and other content providers that is provided over the Internet using an XML feed and an associated audio file so that the audio file may be downloaded and played from a user's computer or transferred to a portable listening device.
Podcasts are available for personal, noncommercial use only.
You may download, copy and/or transfer to a portable listening device the Podcasts for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that you do not modify the content.
You also may link to Podcasts from your web site, weblog or similar application, as long as (a) the links redirect the user to the AGWEB Web Sites when the user clicks on them, (b) you do not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the links and the applicable AGWEB web page, (c) the linking does not suggest that AGWEB promotes or endorses any third party's causes, ideas, web sites, products or services, (d) you do not use AGWEB content for inappropriate commercial purposes, and (e) you provide attribution to AGWEB adjacent to the link.
AGWEB reserves the right to discontinue providing Podcasts and to require that you cease accessing or using the Podcasts, or any content contained in the Podcasts, at any time for any reason.
<strong>AGWEB Media Player</strong> AGWEB offers an audio and video player for accessing audio and video content on the AGWEB Web Sites (the "AGWEB Media Player").
The AGWEB Media Player may be embedded or displayed on your personal web site, weblog, or similar application for personal use , provided that (a) your use is for non-promotional, internet-based purposes only, including desktop gadgets, blog posts and widgets, but excluding e-newsletters.
(b) all links redirect the user to the AGWEB Web Sites when the user clicks on them, and all content is streamed from the originating AGWEB servers.
(c) you shall not add to, delete or modify any audio, video, headlines, text, links, or other content contained in the AGWEB Media Player.
(d) you shall not delete or modify the AGWEB logos contained in the AGWEB Media Player.
(e) your use or display of the AGWEB Media Player must not suggest that AGWEB, its member stations or any Content Provider promotes or endorses you or any third party or the causes, ideas, web sites, products or services of you or any third party.
(f) you shall not use the AGWEB Media Player in any way that changes or distorts the fundamental meaning of the content.
and (g) you may not insert any intermediate page, splash page or other content between the links contained within the AGWEB Media Player and the AGWEB Web Sites.
Any other use of AGWEB's trademarks or service marks, the AGWEB Media Player, or of any content contained within the AGWEB Media Player requires the prior written permission of AGWEB.
AGWEB reserves the right to discontinue providing the AGWEB Media Player and to require that you cease accessing or using the AGWEB Media Player, or any content contained in the AGWEB Media Player, at any time for any reason.
<strong>Rules for Use of the Service</strong>
<br> By using the Service, including by registering for the Service, participating in the AGWEB Community, Submitting User Materials through the AGWEB Community, the Contact Us page or other means, using Content Feeds, API Content, or Podcasts, or by using any other features of the AGWEB Web Sites, you agree to the following rules: 1.                    You must be at least eighteen (18) years of age to register for or participate in the AGWEB Community or other social networking features of the AGWEB Web Sites.
submit any User Materials or personally-identifying information on or through the AGWEB Web Sites.
participate in any online contests.
and/or place an order on the AGWEB Online Shop.
If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may browse the AGWEB Web Sites or register for email newsletters or other features of the Service (excluding the AGWEB Community) with the consent of your parent(s) or guardian(s), so long as you do not submit any User Materials.
If you are under 13 years of age, please do not send any information about yourself, including your name, address or email address.
If we discover that we have collected any personally-identifying information from a child under the age of 13, we will remove that information from our database as soon as possible.
2.                    You may not submit any User Materials anonymously or under a false name or a false e-mail address.
You may not impersonate another user or provide any false information about yourself.
3.                    You may not submit any User Materials or links to material that is libelous, defamatory, false, obscene, indecent, lewd, pornographic, violent, abusive, threatening, harassing, discriminatory, in violation of the law, harmful to children, in violation of third party privacy rights, or that constitutes hate speech or a personal attack.
4.                    You may only submit User Materials for which you have the copyright or other necessary rights and permission to distribute electronically.
You may not violate, plagiarize, or infringe on the rights of third parties, including copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, privacy, personal, publicity, moral or proprietary rights.
You promise and represent that you own or have all necessary rights and permissions to use, distribute and authorize AGWEB, AGWEB member stations, and users of the AGWEB Web Sites (to the extent permitted by these Terms of Use) to use and distribute any User Materials.
5.                    The Service can only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes.
You cannot submit any material containing any solicitation of funds, advertising, promotion, solicitation for goods and services, or recruiting.
You may not use the AGWEB Web Sites, the AGWEB member station websites or other Content Provider web sites for political campaigning recruiting votes, or soliciting support for legislative or other initiatives.
6.                    You may not submit any software or other material which contains a virus, worm, Trojan horse or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, programs or device.
You may not use the Service to distribute chain letters, mass mailings, "spam," or duplicative or unsolicited messages in violation of applicable laws, or to gather usernames and/or e-mail addresses for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or other communications to other users of the Service.
7.                    You may not interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of the AGWEB Web Sites, AGWEB member station web sites, or other Content Provider web sites, or any portion or contents thereof, or use these web sites in any way which degrades their reliability, speed or operation, or their underlying hardware or software.
In addition you may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to these Web Sites or related systems or networks.
8.                    By submitting any User Materials on or through the Service, you hereby grant AGWEB, AGWEB member stations, and other Content Providers, their licensees, and users of theseWeb Sites (to the extent permitted by the Terms of Use) the licenses to use those User Materials as set forth above in the "User Materials" section.
9.                    You are solely responsible for any User Materials submitted using your account.
AGWEB does not and cannot review all User materials submitted by you or others and is not responsible for any User materials submitted by you or others on or through the Service.
However, AGWEB has the right (but not the obligation) to review, screen, delete, edit and/or move any User Materials that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be in violation of the Rules for Use of the Service, the Social Networking Discussion Rules (for User Materials Submitted through the AGWEB Community), or these Terms of Use, or for any other reason, as determined in AGWEB's sole discretion.
10.                 AGWEB is not responsible or liable for any User Materials submitted by you or a third party, including any User Materials, on or through the Service.
AGWEB cannot verify the accuracy of statements that users make or place on or through the Service, and does not guarantee that any User Materials have been submitted with the permission of the copyright or proprietary owner or are otherwise in compliance with the Rules for Use of the Service, the Social Networking Discussion Rules(for User Materials Submitted through the AGWEB Community), or these Terms of Use.
11.                 By using the AGWEB Service, you agree to abide by these rules.
You acknowledge that AGWEB has the right (but not the obligation) to review, screen, delete, edit or move content or material that it deems, in its sole discretion, to be in violation of the Rules for Use of the Service, the Social Networking Discussion Rules (for User Materials Submitted through the AGWEB Community), or these Terms of Use, or for any other reason, in its sole discretion.
You further acknowledge that AGWEB has the right to limit or terminate your, or any other person's, access to or registration in the Service for any reason, in its sole discretion, including violation of the Rules for Use of the Service or these Terms of Use.
12.                 You agree to comply with the Social Networking Discussion Rules, as they may be updated from time to time by AGWEB.
<strong>Representations.
Indemnity</strong>
<br> You represent and warrant that (a) if you Submit any User Materials or personally-identifying information on or through the Service, you are at least 18 years of age, (b) you have obtained all clearances, releases, licenses and rights to any User Materials you Submit on or through the Service that may be necessary for their use as contemplated by the AGWEB Web Sites and these Term of Use, (c) there are no encumbrances or restrictions on the User Materials or their use as contemplated by the AGWEB Web Sites and these Terms of Use, (d) the User Materials, and their use by AGWEB, AGWEB member stations, their licensees, and users of the AGWEB Web Sites and member station web sites (pursuant to these Terms of Use and the terms of use of member station sites) does not and will not defame any person or entity, or violate or infringe upon the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, reputation, creative or other rights of any person or entity or violate any Rules for Use of the Service, the Social Networking Discussion Rules (for User Materials Submitted through the AGWEB Community), or these Terms of Use, and (e) your use of the Service complies with these Terms of Use.
You agree that you will indemnify and hold harmless AGWEB, its member stations, and Content Providers to this Service and their respective directors, officers, employees, members, licensees from any and all claims, liabilities, costs or expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from (1) your breach of any of the above representations and warranties, (2) your use of the Service, (3) the User Materials you have Submitted on or through the Service, or (4) AGWEB's publication, distribution or use of such User Materials, or the authorized publication, distribution or use of your User Materials by AGWEB member stations, licensees, and users.
<p>
<strong>Sponsorship Disclosure</strong>
</p>
<p>AgWeb.com offers content, tools, information and other materials written or maintained by AgWeb.com, Farm Journal Media and its editorial partners.
Forms of sponsorships, including paid advertising, may be accepted for some of these materials.</p>
<p>Compensation for sponsorship of AgWeb-branded materials offers the sponsoring client no input regarding content, including editorial phrasing, included images, topics, etc.</p>
<p>The views and opinions expressed on AgWeb-branded material are that of either AgWeb.com/Farm Journal Media and/or the specific author(s) and are not influenced by advertising partners.</p>
<strong>Disclaimer</strong>
<br> THE SERVICE AND ANY CONTENT, MATERIALS, USER MATERIALS, FEATURES OR PRODUCTS AVAILABLE OR SOLD ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE AVAILABLE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
AGWEB DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.
NOR DOES AGWEB MAKE ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICE OR ENDORSE, RECOMMEND, OR MAKE ANY WARRANTIES AS TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF, ANY CONTENT, INFORMATION, MATERIALS, USER MATERIALS, FEATURES, SERVICE, PRODUCTS, OPINIONS, OR STATEMENTS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE OR THROUGH LINKS ON THE SERVICE.
USE OF THIS SERVICE IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
CONTENT ON THE AGWEB WEB SITES IS NOT INTENDED TO SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL ADVICE OF ANY KIND.
IN PARTICULAR, NOTHING CONTAINED ON THE AGWEB WEB SITES IS OR SHOULD BE CONSIDERED, OR USED AS A SUBSTITUTE FOR, MEDICAL ADVICE, DIAGNOSIS OR TREATMENT.
ALWAYS SEEK THE ADVICE OF YOUR PHYSICIAN OR OTHER QUALIFIED HEALTH PROVIDER WITH ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY HAVE REGARDING PERSONAL HEALTH OR MEDICAL CONDITIONS.
NEVER DISREGARD OR AVOID PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL ADVICE OR DELAY IN SEEKING IT BECAUSE OF SOMETHING YOU HAVE READ ON THE AGWEB WEB SITES.
<strong>LIMITATION OF LIABILITY</strong>
<br> IN NO EVENT WILL FARM JOURNAL, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, MEMBERS OR THIRD PARTY PROGRAM PRODUCERS AND PODCAST PROVIDERS BE LIABLE (A) FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, (B) RELATING TO ANY CONTENT OR PRODUCTS AVAILABLE OR SOLD ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE, OR (C) IN CONNECTION WITH ANY THIRD PARTY CONTENT OR MATERIALS (INCLUDING USER MATERIALS) OR THE DEFAMATORY, INFRINGING, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY.
IN NO EVENT WILL AGWEB, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, MEMBERS OR THIRD PARTY PROGRAM PRODUCERS AND PODCAST PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF $100.
<strong>RIGHT TO CHANGE AGWEB WEB SITES</strong>
<br> AGWEB has the right to change the AGWEB Web Sites, terminate or cease providing the AGWEB Web Sites, or delete content, materials or features in any way, at any time or for any reason or no reason.
<strong>Online Shopping</strong>
<br> In the event a product or event available on or through the AGWEB is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information, AGWEB will have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price.
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify AGWEB's acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of AGWEB's offer to sell.
AGWEB reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason.
AGWEB may charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders.
Otherwise, you are solely responsible for all sales taxes, or other taxes, on orders shipped to you.
<strong>Digital Millenium Copyright Act (DMCA) Notices.
Copyright Agent</strong>
<br> AGWEB respects the intellectual property rights of others.
If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement by any content or material on the AGWEB Web Sites, please provide the following information in writing to AGWEB's Copyright Agent (see 17 U.S.C.
Section 512(c)(3) for further detail): 1.                       a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright.
2.                       a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed.
3.                       a description of the material that you claim to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
4.                       information so that we can contact you, such as address, telephone number and e-mail address.
5.                       a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
6.                       a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a copyright that is allegedly infringed.
If you believe that any content or materials you posted, uploaded or Submitted to the AGWEB Web Sites, that were subsequently removed from the AGWEB Web Sites, or to which access was disabled, were improperly removed or disabled, please provide the following Counter-Notification to AGWEB's Copyright Agent (see 17 U.S.C.
Section 512(g) for further detail): 1.                       your physical or electronic signature.
2.                       a description of the materials that have been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
3.                       a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
4.                       your name, address and telephone number, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
Only DMCA notices should be sent to AGWEB.
For other comments or questions regarding the AGWEB Web Sites, please contact AGWEB through our contact page.
<strong>International Users</strong>
<br> The Service is controlled and operated within the United States.
AGWEB makes no representation that content, materials or products available on or through the Service are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States.
If you access the Service from a location outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with applicable laws, including local laws regarding online conduct and content and U.S.
export laws and regulations.
<p> </p>
<p>
<strong>Miscellaneous</strong>
</p>
<p> </p> These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy and Social Networking Discussion Rules, represent the entire understanding of the parties regarding the use of the AGWEB Web Sites and supersede any previous documents, correspondence, conversations, or other oral or written understanding related to the use of the AGWEB Web Sites.
These Terms of Use are separate and distinct from the terms of use governing AGWEB’s, the web sites of AGWEB’s sub web sites, and the web sites that may link to or from the AGWEB Web Sites.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed under Pennsylvania law without regard to its choice of law rules, and, where applicable, the laws of the United States.
To the extent permissible by law, any disputes under these Terms of Use or relating to the Service shall be litigated in the local or Federal courts located, and you hereby consent to personal jurisdiction and venue, in the State of Pennsylvania.
A modification or waiver of a part of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver or modification of any other portion of the Terms of Use.
If for any reason any provision of these Terms of Use is found unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remainder of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
<strong>Questions</strong>
<br> If you have any questions about the terms of use, please contact AGWEB.
