 United States [ change ] kodak.
com and kodakgallery.
com Online Privacy Notice   (Revised April 26, 2012) Our Commitment To Privacy At Kodak, we are committed to protecting your privacy online.
Our pledge is to safeguard any personal information that you provide us, and to make every reasonable effort to use this information only as you choose.
We at Kodak are taking a leadership role in assisting our customers and other businesses in understanding the importance of using your personal information appropriately.
Eastman Kodak Company is a member of the Direct Marketing Association's Safe Harbor Program.
As an active member of the Direct Marketing Association, we are showing our commitment to making the Internet a safe and secure place for you to transact online.
Kodak is also a participant in the Safe Harbor program between the US and the European Union.
Scope of This Notice The goal of this Privacy Notice is to advise you of the online privacy practices of kodak.
com and to describe the choices you have about the way the information collected on this site is used.
It also applies to consumer digital registration cards.
For information about other offline data collections, use the contact information noted below.
PLEASE NOTE: This statement does not apply to individual customers.
To review our privacy notice for consumers, Click here.
If you provide your personal information you indicate your residence is outside the U.
S.
, you may be offered a privacy notice that is specific to your country of residence.
In such case, Kodak is operating this site for itself as well as a service provider for its global affiliates.
On our co-branded sites (such as those sites where Kodak has presented content together with one of our retail partners) a privacy notice unique to that site may be presented.
Private sites (such as those only available to dealers and distributors) and sites created for our employees (or prospective employees) may also have privacy notices unique to those sites.
Sites maintained by Kodak subsidiaries and affiliates, although linked to kodak.
com, have their own online privacy notices.
Your Personal Information Kodak's primary goals in collecting personal information about you are, first, to give you a meaningful, enjoyable, and personalized website experience and, second, to facilitate the development of new products and services relevant to consumers like you.
Personal information also allows us to provide better service to you by tailoring our communications to match your interests- deliver more of what you want and less of what you don't want.
Here are the types of information we gather: Information You Explicitly Provide: In order to establish your account, register products, or to participate in various online programs offered through kodak.
com, you will be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information to us such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number.
You can choose not to provide this information but then you might not be able to participate in some of our services or offerings.
Information We Automatically Collect: We use common internet technologies such as cookies and beacons to ensure the integrity of our site and to customize portions of the site for you.
Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive, at a web site's request.
Kodak cookies do not contain any personal information, but are used primarily as follows: to keep track of temporary information.
For example, cookies allow us to keep track of the pictures you upload and download; to register you in programs, such as kodak.
com Membership.
Cookies allow us to remember you when you login to the places on our site that require Membership; to remember your country and language preferences; to help us understand the size of our audience and traffic patterns; to collect and record information about what you viewed on our Web site and what you viewed in our e-mail; to manage and present site information and the pictures displayed on your computer, and to deliver information specific to your interests.
Cookies and Third Party Advertisements Kodak and Kodak Imaging Network participates in cookie-based ad networks operated by: Netmining LLC.
AOL and affiliates, Tacoda and Advertising.
com These companies use cookies, web beacons, pixels, or other technologies to collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements and the types of ads that would be of greatest interest to you.
These tools allow them to track some data relating to your computer and your internet browsing on Kodak sites or other sites that participate in their networks.
This data includes your computer's IP Address, the website addresses visited, the browser type used, the computer's operating system, and the date, time and duration of the visit to each page.
We do not permit these companies to collect any personal information about you, such as your name, e-mail or physical address.
For more information about these specialized cookies and other technologies, and how to "opt out" of information collection by these companies, we suggest you visit: http://www.
netmining.
com/en/privacy-policy-service.
html http://www.
tacoda.
com/notice/privacy_policy.
html and http://www.
advertising.
com/privacy_policy_details.
php In addition, the Network Advertising Initiative offers useful information about Internet advertising companies (also called "ad networks" or "network advertisers"), including information about how to opt-out of their information collection.
Please visit http://networkadvertising.
org/optout_nonppii.
asp.
Web Beacons: We also place small "tracker gifs" or "beacons" on many of the pages on our website, in online advertising with third parties, and in our e-mail.
We use these beacons, in connection with cookies, to collect non-personal data on the usage of our site including but not limited to the date and time of the visit, the pages visited, the referring web page, the type of browser (e.
g.
, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Chrome, etc.
.
), the type of operating system (e.
g.
, Windows, Linux, or Mac), and the domain name of the visitor's Internet service provider (e.
g.
, AOL).
This information is collected about thousands of site visits and analyzed as a whole.
This information is useful in, for example, tracking the performance of our online advertising such as online banner ads and to determine where to place future advertising on other web sites.
Disabling Cookies and beacons: If you are uncomfortable with the collection of such information through the use of cookies and beacons, we recommend disabling these features through your browser preferences, though please understand this will limit the performance and functionality of Kodak's Web site.
Your browser documentation should provide specific procedures for disabling cookie and beacon support.
IP Address: We analyze IP addresses in the aggregate for system administration purposes and to gather broad demographic information.
We do not link IP addresses to your computer's User ID, with the following exception: when you place an order using our online checkout process we record your computer's IP address with your order to help us identify fraudulent credit card use.
We may share this information with the financial institution that issued the credit card with which an order was placed, or with law enforcement authorities if we determine, or are notified, that the use of the credit card was fraudulent.
Using your Information Kodak only uses your personal information to conduct business with you.
Some examples include: registering you in programs creating and maintaining accounts processing, fulfilling, and following up on orders answering your e-mail communicating with you sending colleagues information on your behalf sending surveys registering products We also use this personal information to provide you with information related to your account, the products or services you purchased from us, to better understand your needs and interests, to improve our service and to personalize communications.
Does kodak.
com Share Your Information? Your personally identifiable information will not be rented or sold to any third party.
Kodak may share your personal information as follows: Companies who work on our behalf: We contract with other companies to perform business support functions on our behalf, which may involve limited access to your personal information.
We require these companies to use the information only to provide the contracted services; they are prohibited from transferring the information to another party except as needed to provide those services.
Some examples of these business support functions include order fulfillment, coupon fulfillment, award and rebate fulfillments, customer survey execution; and information systems management.
We also may make aggregate non-personal information available to select service providers.
Kodak's subsidiaries and joint ventures: A subsidiary or a joint venture is an organization in which Kodak owns at least a 50% interest.
If Kodak shares your information with a subsidiary or joint venture partner, Kodak will require that they not transfer your information to another party for marketing purposes or use your information contrary to your expressed choices.
If you have indicated that you do not want to receive any marketing information from Kodak, we will not share your information with our subsidiary or joint venture partner for their marketing purposes.
Co-branded and Partner Pages: Kodak may share information with partner companies who jointly present special offers or promotions on co-branded pages within our site.
You will be notified of this sharing when you are asked to furnish personal data on such a page.
The partner's use of any information you submit will be governed by the partner's own privacy notice, which you can review before submitting your information.
Business Transfers: Kodak reserves the right to transfer your personal information in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets.
If the business is sold or transferred, Kodak will give you an opportunity to tell us not to transfer your personal information.
In some cases, this may mean that the new organization will not be able to continue providing to you the services or products that Kodak provided.
Law Enforcement: Kodak may disclose personal information to third parties without your consent for any of the following reasons: to comply with any law, regulation or court order, to cooperate with Government investigations, to help prevent fraud or to enforce or protect the rights of Kodak or its subsidiaries.
Your Choices about Receiving E-mail Kodak may send you e-mail about your orders or your account and in response to your questions.
Kodak and its subsidiaries may also send you e-mail with information and/or special offers about products and services that may be of interest to you, unless you indicate you do not want to receive them.
Under most circumstances, we will give you an opportunity to let us know your preference regarding the receiving of promotional e-mail.
This option applies to promotional e-mail only, as we may find it necessary to send you e-mail relating to your account, order, product or pricing changes.
Promotional e-mail that you receive from Kodak will tell you how to decline receiving future promotional e-mail.
For additional information about declining e-mail from Kodak, Click here.
Protecting Your Information Kodak implements a variety of administrative, managerial, and technical security measures to help protect your personal information.
Kodak has Internal Control Standards which relate specifically to the handling of personal information.
These include certain controls to help safeguard the information we collect online.
Kodak employees are trained to understand and comply with these controls and we communicate our Privacy Notice, practices and guidelines to our employees.
However, while we strive to protect your personal information, you must also take steps to protect your information.
We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal information while you are on the Internet.
Communities Some of our sites may enable you to participate in public services such as discussion boards, chats, and live events.
Please use discretion when posting personal data about yourself when using these services.
Be aware that when you disclose personal data at these sites, such as your name, member name, e-mail address, etc.
, the information may be collected and used by others to send unsolicited e-mail.
The services are open to the public, and what you post there can be seen by anyone and is not protected.
Kodak cannot control the comments that you may receive while you participate in these services.
You may find other people's comments to be offensive, harmful or inaccurate.
Outside Links Some Kodak Web sites contain links to and from other Web sites and Kodak is not responsible for the privacy practices of those Web sites.
Kodak encourages you to ascertain the privacy practices of those Web sites.
Keeping Your Information Accurate If you are a registered user, you can review and update your profile using your user name and password.
You can also contact your Customer Service Representative.
How to Reach Us If you have questions or concerns about your privacy when using a Kodak Web site, please contact us by e-mail: privacy@kodak.
com or by mail at: Eastman Kodak Company Online Privacy Office 343 State Street Rochester, NY 14650-0218 Kodak's Online Privacy Office will work with you to resolve any concerns you have about this Notice.
Kodak also participates in the Direct Marketing Association Safe Harbor Program.
Further information about their program is available http://www.
the-dma.
org/safeharbor/consumers.
shtml.
In addition, consumers may register and/or otherwise contact the DMA Safe Harbor Line as follows: mail: Safe Harbor Line Direct Marketing Association 1615 L Street, NW - Suite 1100 Washington, DC 20036 e-mail: safeharbor@the-dma.
org web: http://www.
the-dma.
org/safeharbor/consumers.
shtml fax: 202-955-0085 phone: 202-861-2410 Changes to this Privacy Notice Kodak reserves the right to modify this Privacy Notice from time to time, by posting a prominent announcement on this page or, in the event of a material change, by notifying by e-mail all customers whose personal information we have retained.
This Privacy Notice was last amended on April 26, 2012 About Kodak Privacy Site Terms News &amp; Media Follow Us Partner Place Contact Us Email A Friend 
