 MetroLyrics Privacy Policy Lyrics Artists News Soundtracks Apps Recent Activity 1 of Prev Next Sharing: On Off Log out of Facebook MetroLyrics MetroLyricsMetroLyrics Privacy Policy MetroLeap Media Inc.
Privacy Policy Metroleap Media Inc.
Privacy Policy for MetroLyrics.
com LAST UPDATED: February 7, 2011 Introduction MetroLyrics.
com is a website owned by Metroleap Media Inc.
("Metroleap").
Please read this Privacy Policy before accessing the website.
As a result of your access and use of the website, you hereby consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to these terms, we request and advise that you not use the website.
We reserve the right to revise the terms of this Privacy Policy from time to time.
Please check back to this Privacy Policy periodically to review any changes.
Your continued access to and use of the website will indicate your acceptance of any such changes.
MetroLyrics.
com provides lyric and music information such as albums, artists' biographies, news, images and music videos, as well as a discussion forum for its visitors and members.
All lyrics are copyrighted material of the artist and/or their respective representatives.
Some lyrics are submitted to MetroLyrics.
com by its visitors and members, and could be inaccurate or incomplete.
Please see MetroLyrics' Terms of Use for more information about MetroLyrics offerings and limitations.
The website contains links to third party websites.
Metroleap is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other websites.
MetroLeap recognizes the importance of your privacy and the protection of your personal information.
This Privacy Policy describes how MetroLeap protects your personal information and sets out the terms under which Metroleap uses your personal information and under what circumstances it may disclose your personal and non-personal information to third parties.
This Privacy Policy complies with the requirements of the Personal Information Protection Act of British Columbia and is governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia which is the governing jurisdiction in which the website is controlled and operated.
Metroleap does not represent or warrant that the use of the website is appropriate in any particular jurisdiction, especially those outside of British Columbia.
Those who choose to use this website do so at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, regulations and rules that are applicable to their use of the website.
Information Collected Metroleap collects non-personal information from visitors to the website as well as personal information from persons who voluntarily register as members of MetroLyrics.
com.
Non-Personal Information Collected from MetroLyrics Visitors When visitors access MetroLyrics.
com, Metroleap may collect the following non-personal information: internet protocol (or IP) address, browser type or domain name of the visitor the viewing patterns of the visitor and whether he or she purchases products or services from Metroleap's marketing partners and if so the nature of such purchases the number and character of lyrics submitted by the visitor information about the music player on the visitor's computer (or other device the visitor uses to access the website) This non-personal information is collected by Metroleap when a visitor accesses the various web pages comprising the MetroLyrics.
com website and follows links to and from third party websites.
Metroleap may disclose non-personal information about its visitors' online presence and activity to its marketing partners and advertisers so that Metroleap and such third parties may learn the requirements and preferences of each visitor and, accordingly, serve each visitor with customized content including user-targeted advertisements.
To the extent Metroleap discloses such non-personal information to third parties, it will only do so on the express condition that the third party will not retain this information or use it for any purpose other than that stated.
Personal Information Collected from Members Visitors to MetroLyrics.
com may at their option register to become a member of the website.
When a visitor registers to become a member of MetroLyrics.
com, he or she is currently required to provide the following personal information: user name email address member-created password To the extent Metroleap decides to collect further required personal information, it will: request such additional personal information from the member the next time he or she logs into the website under his or her member user account update this Privacy Policy accordingly Metroleap requires this personal information to: authenticate the members use of the website facilitate registration for and effective participation of members in interactive online activities (including contests) inform members of updates to MetroLyrics.
com provide security and customer service for each member's user account further enhance each member's online experience (over that of a non-member visitor) by learning more about the member's probable requirements and preferences Each member may currently also provide to Metroleap the following optional personal information: birth date (with option to disclose to other members) biography geographic location interests occupation gender viewing and listening preferences website URL (if any) instant messaging contact information (if any) pictures of the member or another person computer avatars Except for the member's birth date, all optional personal information may be viewed by all of the other members of MetroLyrics.
com.
Metroleap uses this optional personal information to further enhance the member's online experience by learning even more about the member's probable requirements and preferences and by permitting members to share more specific information about one another.
Metroleap may disclose personal information that has been provided voluntarily by its members to its marketing partners and advertisers so that Metroleap and such third parties may further learn the requirements and preferences of each member and, accordingly, serve each member with more customized content including user-targeted advertisements and, where requested by a member, fulfill a service or transaction requested by the member.
Further, Metroleap reserves the right to use this information as Metroleap believes necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your jurisdiction of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your jurisdiction of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with MetroLyrics.
com is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please notify MetroLyrics.
com's customer support immediately.
General Whenever a visitor (including a member) accesses the website, Metroleap places a "cookie" on the visitor's computer.
A cookie is a very small text file written to the visitor's computer hard drive that contains information about a visitor and his or her preferences, including but not limited to: IP address browser type domain name required information submitted voluntarily by a member optional information submitted voluntarily by a member The use of cookies allows visitors to access the website without having to re-enter information and allows Metroleap and its marketing partners to enhance every visitors online experience (as described in more detail above).
Each visitor may modify his or her internet browser to decline the acceptance of cookies, but doing so may impair the website's functionality and ability to provide the visitor certain content.
To the extent Metroleap discloses personal information to third parties it will only do so on the express condition that any such third party will not use such information (including your email address) to contact you in any way for any reason, unless you give your express consent to Metroleap to authorize one or more such third parties to use your personal information to contact you and under what circumstances you agree to such contact.
If Metroleap becomes involved in a proposed business transaction involving the purchase, sale, lease, merger or amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal or financing of Metroleap or a portion of Metroleap or of any of the business or assets of Metroleap, it may disclose that personal information that is reasonably necessary for a third party to evaluate whether to proceed with the proposed business transaction.
If any such business transaction proceeds, Metroleap may disclose personal information to such third parties, on the express condition that such third parties will only use such personal information for the same purposes it was collected by Metroleap.
Metroleap will not sell your personal information to third parties, except as part of an overall sale of one or more of its website business or website properties or pursuant to the sale of shares of Metroleap or of an affiliate.
Metroleap occasionally hires agents to provide limited services on its behalf, such as answering customer support inquiries or performing statistical analyses of our services.
Metroleap will only provide these agents with those pieces of your personal information needed to deliver such services, on the express condition that such agents and their employees are prohibited from using that personal information for any other purpose.
Metroleap will only disclose personal information to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy and provided you have given your express or implied consent to do so.
You may withdraw your consent at any time, unless prohibited by legal requirements.
Metroleap will provide you access to any personal information we retain about you.
Each member may review, update and correct any of his or her personal information at his or her "edit profile" on MetroLyrics.
com.
Otherwise, upon your request, Metroleap will advise you of the existence, use and disclosure of your personal information so that you may verify its accuracy and integrity and request that it be amended as required.
If you wish to: (i) withdraw your consent to the Metroleap's retention, use or disclosure of your personal information, or (ii) access the personal information Metroleap has collected about you, please either: revise your profile at the "edit profile" page of the website; or contact us at customer support If you decide to close your user account (by contacting customer support), all of your personal information will purged from our database.
Retention of Personal Information Metroleap will not retain your personal information for more than 24 months after you have last visited the website, after which time your personal information will be purged.
Security of Personal Information Metroleap employs several security technologies and procedures to secure your personal information from unauthorized use or disclosure, including requiring password protection of member accounts.
Note Regarding the Use of the Site by Children The website is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that such individuals do not provide personal information to this website.
See Top 100 Lyrics | Lyrics These lyrics are so hot right now, they're sizzling! Ellie Goulding I Need Your Love Lyrics Tristan Prettyman My Oh My Lyrics Ellie Goulding Figure 8 Lyrics Justin Bieber As Long As You Love Me Lyrics Maroon 5 Payphone Lyrics One Direction Over Again Lyrics One Direction Heart Attack Lyrics Taylor Swift Everything Has Changed Lyrics One Direction Live While We're Young Lyrics Gotye Somebody That I Used To Know Lyrics One Direction Kiss You Lyrics Bruno Mars Gorilla Lyrics Ellie Goulding Halcyon Lyrics Katy Perry Wide Awake Lyrics David Guetta Titanium Lyrics One Direction Change My Mind Lyrics Ellie Goulding Dead in the Water Lyrics Bruno Mars Locked Out Of Heaven Lyrics Flo Rida Whistle Lyrics Adele Someone Like You Lyrics One Direction C'mon, C'mon Lyrics Lana Del Rey Ride Lyrics Ed Sheeran A Team Lyrics Carly Rae Jepsen Call Me Maybe Lyrics Behold: our new FREE Plugin for iTunes, WinAmp and Media Player! Facebook X Twitter X toggle Mobile Sitehide Hey, we have a new extension for Chrome: Lyrics for Youtube! More info.
.
.
Install Don't ask again 
